American Specialty Health Incorporated is seeking a Director of Data Architecture to join our Information Management department. This position will take the lead on modernizing data management strategies and tools in the organization. In addition to management of the data warehouse(s), this position provides technical expertise that facilitates reporting in both on prem and cloud environments and promotes reporting in real time from a single source of truth. The data architect will deliver technical leadership on multiple initiatives to transform our data access, storage, and quality. The architect interacts with web and report developers, database administrators, and all levels of management while leading a team of data engineers.


Remote Worker Considerations


Candidates who are selected for this position will be trained remotely and must be able to work from home in a designated work area with company-provided technology equipment. This remote/WFH position requires you have a stable connection to your Internet Service Provider with the ability to participate by video in online meetings over a reliable and consistent network (minimum internet download of 50 Mbps and 10 Mbps upload speed).


Responsibilities


    Create, maintain, and support internal data warehousing projects and related ETL and BI activities.
    Develops logical/physical data models and database structural design and development, oversees the design, implementation and support of the database(s) and metadata structures based on technical and functional requirements.
    Plans, coordinates, and administers all functions in support of the BI/DW database environments including database definitions, structures, documentation, and data standards.
    Supports and collaborates with BI and Development teams.
    Architect and design scalable, high-traffic performance real-time and historical ETL processes.
    Work with cross-functional teams to coordinate infrastructure installations and upgrades, security, backups, and recovery, and performance optimization/tuning.
    Formulates and monitors policies, procedures and standards related to the management and usage of the BI/DW database environments.
    Manages of ongoing and new development in relation to assigned systems.
    Design, develop and implement database interfaces using Microsoft technologies.
    Monitor data warehouse performance and solve for updates as needed.
    Provides leadership for data engineers including work oversight, career growth, and performance evaluation.
    Create and maintain ETL/DW standards.
    Reviews Data Warehouse business cases and initiatives to identify, assess, and communicate feasibility, architecture requirements, costs, and issues.
    Provide review of Business Reporting Solution processes and offer recommendations for continuous improvement.
    Helps establish ETL development standards and conventions.
    Ensures compliance with corporate data management processes & policies, including enforcing a common architectural framework and design patterns across the BI/DW implementations/environments.
    Define and develop enterprise information management standards, policies, and procedures, including data warehousing, data governance, and ETL, BI, and metadata management.
    Ensures common application architectural framework and patterns across the Data Warehouse Platform and conformance with best practices where interfacing with operational systems.
    Assumes a leadership role in ensuring that new and existing applications abide by established DW architectural standards.
    Oversees the design and delivery of proof-of-concept for new or improved Data Warehouse technologies.
    Development of standard and custom reports, dashboards and other information solutions. Maintain the scheduling, distribution, and refresh of business information. Provide production support for the reporting environment.
    Work across teams to coordinate project priorities and report out on progress.
    Liaison with company stakeholders to ensure understanding of service expectations and requirements.
    Report to manager any problems and status of progress on all projects.
    Assist in end-user training, testing, and debugging of DW/BI-related applications and reports.
    Oversee workflow and project details to ensure project completion meets deadlines.
    Collaborates with the business units and other IT teams in delivering robust, high quality and effective BI/DW solutions.
    Provides coaching and mentoring to business users, team members and other IT staff on BI/DW database design and data management best practices, techniques, standards, and approaches.
    Frequently communicates and interacts with business analysts, business development, software architects, project managers, technical leads, software developers, and testers.


Qualifications


    Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience. If equivalent experience, high school diploma required.
    Requires a minimum of five to ten years of experience designing and building modern ETL and data storage solutions using SQL server, Azure data services, etc.
    Experience with large enterprise data query optimization.
    Experience developing, designing, and supporting data warehousing using current and legacy Microsoft technologies.
    Strong knowledge of Microsoft business intelligence software and technologies including SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), and SQL Server Business Intelligence Studio.
    Experience implementing changes in architecture that support strategic goals for the organization.
    Experience successfully managing and leading teams.
    Experience with relational and dimensional modeling preferred.
    Experience in creating logical data models and physical data models using various tools preferred.
    Experience with ETL against custom-developed software, third-party information systems preferred.
    Familiarity with supporting tools such as SharePoint, Excel, and object-based reporting tools such as Tableau and Excel PowerPivot a plus.
    Ability to assess, design and solve for unique situations, under tight deadlines, and through collaboration with colleagues who have varying degrees of technical experience.
    Excellent time management skills demonstrated by the ability to execute and prioritize among multiple projects and team management tasks while working within tight deadlines.


Core Competencies


    Demonstrated ability to interact in a positive, respectful manner and establish and maintain cooperative working relationships.
    Ability to display excellent customer service to meet the needs and expectations of both internal and external customers.
    Excellent listening and interpersonal communication skills to identify critical core competencies based on success factors and organizational environment.
    Ability to effectively organize, prioritize, multi-task and manage time.
    Demonstrated accuracy and productivity in a changing environment with constant interruptions.
    Demonstrated ability to analyze information, problems, issues, situations and procedures to develop effective solutions.
    Ability to exercise strict confidentiality in all matters.


Mobility


Primarily sedentary, able to sit for long periods of time.


Physical Requirements


Ability to speak, see and hear other personnel and/or objects. Ability to communicate both in verbal and written form. Ability to travel within the facility. Capable of using a telephone and computer keyboard. Ability to lift up to 10 lbs.


Environmental Conditions


Work-from-home (WFH) environment.


American Specialty Health is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.


All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex including sexual orientation and gender identity, national origin, disability, protected Veteran Status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.


Please view Equal Employment Opportunity Posters provided by OFCCP here .


If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access our career center as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation, contact our Human Resources Department at (800) 848-3555 x6702.


ASH will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the Company’s legal duty to furnish information.





SourceCoders is Ford Pro's technical recruiting partner


Company: Ford Pro

Position: Business Intelligence Engineering Manager

Salary: $170k-$240k (Dependent on experience level)

Tech stack: Qlik, Tableau, Salesforce CRM, PowerBI, Cognos, Google Looker

Location: Remote anywhere in the US

Visa sponsorship is NOT available for this position


At Ford Motor Company, we believe freedom of movement drives human progress. We also believe in providing you with the freedom to define and realize your dreams. With our incredible plans for the future of mobility, we have a wide variety of opportunities for you to accelerate your career potential as you help us define tomorrow’s

transportation.


Ford Pro is a new global business within Ford committed to commercial customer productivity. Ford Pro delivers a work-ready suite of vehicles, accessories, and services for virtually every vocation, backed by technology and engineered for uptime. A true one-stop shop, offering a full portfolio of electrified and internal combustion vehicles designed to integrate seamlessly with the Ford Pro ecosystem, helping customers & businesses thrive today and into the new era of electrification.


What you’ll be able to do:


Ford Pro Tech – Data & Analytics (D&A) is a global team responsible for the strategy & delivery of 360 data services, modern business intelligence, and advanced analytics solutions powering Ford Pro. This enables Ford Pro to operate as an analytics-driven business in a driven marketplace!


We are seeking a well-rounded Business Intelligence Engineering Manager who is a subject matter expert in BI tools, engineering, visualization and data architecture to implement business intelligence solutions across all Ford Pro business functions. This is a technical leadership role reporting to the Director, Data & Analytics Ford Pro. D&A leaders work in a Product Management Delivery model working end-to-end with business partners, analytics managers, product owners, product designers, data scientists, business intelligence engineers, data engineers, and software developers to deliver analytics innovation.


Key Responsibilities include:

    Facilitate end-to-end client discovery sessions to identify analysis needs, metrics design and visualization options.
    Design client/end-user visualizations with ease- of-use designs, filters, and metrics readability.
    Engineer enterprise self-service capability across multiple business-users (executive, managerial, analyst) with proper audit controls, consistent filters, and ease-of-use visuals.
    Establish overall BI tools strategy and user-access methods to enable self-service access across multiple user-groups. Tech stack will be Google Cloud based.
    Design data model, data architecture, and data implementation roadmap to create comparable, consistent metrics across multiple domain functions (e.g., Finance, Marketing, Sales, Service, Subscriptions, etc).
    Lead cross-functional agile product teams in development, growth, and maintenance of an integrated data and analytics eco-system powering all Ford Pro-business functions. This includes anticipating design setbacks, removing roadblocks and establishing monthly operational goals for team progress.
    Manage 8-12 business intelligence developers and data engineers for career growth, skills development, and team performance.


The minimum requirements we seek:

    Bachelor’s Degree
    12+ years of professional work experience in Data & Analytics
    6+ years of experience in Business Intelligence Tools of at least two of the following: Qlik, Tableau, Salesforce CRM, PowerBI, Cognos, Google Looker
    4+ years of experience working in a cross-functional, agile product team environment/analytic delivery team.
    4+ years of leading teams of 5+ direct reports.
    4+ years of executive presentation preparation and delivery
    3+ years of facilitating design workshops for business and technical partners, including discovery, design, decision, and final read-out.


Our preferred requirements:

    Master’s Degree
    2+ years in cloud technology solutions (AWS, GCP, etc)
    Experience developing roadmaps for technical eco-systems to support customer-
    centric solutions
    Ability to turn transactional systems data into marketing action and understand
    how to measure it.
    Experience delivering project scope across multiple industries
    Experience in Automotive Industry, Transportation Industry or Analytics Consulting


What you’ll receive in return:


As part of the Ford family, you’ll enjoy excellent compensation and a comprehensive benefits package that includes generous PTO, retirement, savings and stock investment plans, incentive compensation and much more. You’ll also experience exciting opportunities for professional and personal growth and recognition. If you have what it takes to help us redefine the future of mobility, we’d love to have you join us.


*Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work

in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of

hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position.*

Employer-provided
Pay range in United States

Exact compensation may vary based on skills, experience, and location.
Base salary

$170,000/yr - $240,000/yr

Position Description


CGI Federal is seeking a Data Team Lead with a proven technical experience in ETL and Reporting to join its Healthcare IT Practice. You will be responsible for leading the Business Intelligence/ETL/Reporting team to implement and maintain efficient data services. Individual should have 8+ years of industry experience.


**This position must be filled in US Eastern or Central time zones only**


Your future duties and responsibilities


    Lead the Data Team in designing, building, and maintaining the Data Services required to meet the technical and business objectives of PECOS 2.0 including the Data Migration, Inbound Extracts, Outbound Extracts, and nightly ODS data refresh.
    Work and provide guidance with Data Architect and DBAs to design, develop, implement and maintain the conceptual, logical, and physical data models for OLTP and ODS to meet customer requirements and support ETL (Informatica) and Reporting (Cognos).
    Architect and provide leadership for the ETL Developers in designing, building and maintaining a high performing ETL process and adhering to standards and best-practices for development.
    Provides guidance on business requirements and ETL transformation logic required to meet data requirements for PECOS 2.0 including maintaining backwards compatibility.
    Manage and provides leadership for the Cognos Developers in designing, building, and maintaining the reporting platform including integrations and migration from legacy system.
    Provide production readiness and go-live plan. (expand)
    Strong written communication skills. Is effective and persuasive in both written and oral communication.
    Time management and multitasking skills to effectively meet deadlines under time-to-market pressure


Required Qualifications To Be Successful In This Role


    Experience in understanding, designing, and implementing Data Models.
    Experience developing and/or managing enterprise reporting solution
    Experience developing and/or managing ETL processes
    Experience leveraging project management best practices for successful delivery.
    Excellent analytical, organizational, verbal and written communication skills.
    Experience in gathering requirements, formulating business metrics for reporting and providing transformation logic for ETL
    Directs, motivates and develops managers team members.
    Oversees the full lifecycle system development process
    Develops detailed plans and schedules, including goals, risks, and resource allocation.
    Must be able present diagnostic, troubleshooting steps and conclusions to a varied audience including the customer.
    Analyze and solve business problems at their root, stepping back to understand the broader context.


As a Federal Contractor, all members of CGI Federal, regardless of role or work location are required to be fully vaccinated, with the exception of those with approved medical or religious accommodations.


#CGIFederalJob


#DICE


#HSS


Insights you can act on


While technology is at the heart of our clients’ digital transformation, we understand that people are at the heart of business success.


When you join CGI, you become a trusted advisor, collaborating with colleagues and clients to bring forward actionable insights that deliver meaningful and sustainable outcomes. We call our employees “members” because they are CGI shareholders and owners and owners who enjoy working and growing together to build a company we are proud of. This has been our Dream since 1976, and it has brought us to where we are today — one of the world’s largest independent providers of IT and business consulting services.


At CGI, we recognize the richness that diversity brings. We strive to create a work culture where all belong and collaborate with clients in building more inclusive communities. As an equal-opportunity employer, we want to empower all our members to succeed and grow. If you require an accommodation at any point during the recruitment process, please let us know. We will be happy to assist.


Ready to become part of our success story? Join CGI — where your ideas and actions make a difference.


Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, sex, religion, creed, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability, pregnancy, medical condition, military and veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or perceived sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, and gender expression, familial status, political affiliation, genetic information, or any other legally protected status or characteristics.


CGI provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you need an accommodation to apply for a job in the U.S., please email the CGI U.S. Employment Compliance mailbox at US_Employment_Compliance@cgi.com. You will need to reference the requisition number of the position in which you are interested. Your message will be routed to the appropriate recruiter who will assist you. Please note, this email address is only to be used for those individuals who need an accommodation to apply for a job. Emails for any other reason or those that do not include a requisition number will not be returned.


We make it easy to translate military experience and skills! Click here to be directed to our site that is dedicated to veterans and transitioning service members.


All CGI offers of employment in the U.S. are contingent upon the ability to successfully complete a background investigation. Background investigation components can vary dependent upon specific assignment and/or level of US government security clearance held. CGI will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrests and conviction records in accordance with all local regulations and ordinances.


CGI will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with CGI’s legal duty to furnish information. 

Hims & Hers Health, Inc. (better known as Hims & Hers) is a multi-specialty telehealth platform building a virtual front door to the healthcare system. Hims & Hers connects consumers to licensed healthcare professionals, enabling people to access high-quality medical care—from wherever is most convenient—for numerous conditions related to primary care, mental health, sexual health, skincare, and more. Launched in November 2017, the platform also offers thoughtfully created and curated health and wellness products. With products and services available across all 50 states and Washington, D.C., Hims & Hers’ mission is to make it easier for all Americans to access affordable care and treatment for conditions that impact their daily lives. In January 2021, the company was listed on the NYSE at an initial valuation of $1.6 billion and is traded under the ticker symbol “HIMS”. To learn more about our brand and offerings, you can visit forhims.com and forhers.com .


Hims & Hers Health is looking for a dynamic leader to lead our Data Engineering team. You will drive all data engineering initiatives for building the next-gen data platform. You will be leading a team of data engineers and architects, collaborating closely with senior leaders in engineering, product and business stakeholders to design and build real time data pipelines, publish data products, and lead research and evaluation of new technical solutions.


Key Responsibilities

    Collaborate with various Business function teams and the data science team to build high quality, performant solutions that ensure stakeholder groups have access to the data they need.
    Build and evolve h&h data platforms, with a focus on continuous process improvement and resiliency
    Define a set of standard technologies & tools for the data platform, and drive the adoption, implementation, and ongoing sustaining of the data platform.
    Evaluate and make the call on technical solutions, architecture, and platforms
    Data Management practices including Data Modeling, ETL practices, Aggregation patterns, and Data warehousing principles.
    Execute the vision, goals, priorities and work alongside the team to accomplish them. Ensure high-quality technical solutions and skill development.
    Develop an organizational structure and operating model in which the engineers thrive in cross-functional teams (with analysts, data scientists, etc) that are embedded and dedicated to business and product areas
    Lead strategic planning, roadmap development, and operational planning for your teams
    Drives continuous improvement to deliver solutions that are at the forefront of industry leading techniques while also adhering to analytical best practices 


Required Skills

    8+ years in Software Engineering, with 3+ years leading teams
    Deep experience with data engineering, big data and analytical technologies using cloud-based data platforms
    Exceptional communication and leadership skills, with a proven ability to operate in a fast moving environment.
    Expertise in SDLC (systems development life cycle) / Iterative / Agile / Scrum development
    Strong leadership skills to move the team through a major change, initiative to drive change forward and identify solutions to potential obstacles
    Be a change agent and foster a learn by doing environment
    Exceptional judgment, strategic thinking, and creative problem-solving skills. Strong analytical mind.
    Prior experience with Data Warehouse or Data Lake solutions similar to Snowflake/Redshift, Cloud environments similar to AWS/GCP, Big Data solutions similar to Hadoop/Spark, Realtime Streaming solutions similar to Kafka/Flink.
    Knowledge of advanced visualization tools such as Tableau, Superset and Looker. 


Hims is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, orientation, national origin, age, disability, genetics or any other basis forbidden under federal, state, or local law. Hims considers all qualified applic

Job Description


At Verint, we believe customer engagement is the core of every global brand. Our mission is to help organizations discover opportunities previously only scarcely imagined by connecting work, data, and experiences enterprise wide. We hire innovators with the passion, creativity, and drive to answer constantly shifting market challenges and deliver impactful results for our customers. Our commitment to attracting and retaining a talented, diverse, and engaged team creates a collaborative environment that openly celebrates all cultures and affords personal and professional growth opportunities. Learn more at www.verint.com


Overview of Job Function:


Verint is seeking a Sr. Data Architect to join the Data Management team to support enterprise data needs. The Data Management team strives to make Verint’s data ecosystem and infrastructure accurate, reliable, complete, and ingestible through business-driven initiatives and programs. The Data Management team is responsible for implementing proactive programs and solutions designed to improve the data integrations to bring real-time data and maintain the data quality. The Sr. Data Architect will be an important link between business users, engineering, and other contributors and will be the point of contact for building a robust solution with the goal of long-term data architecture which solves for data quality issues. The role is detail intensive, requiring the accurate capture of source data and assessment of current data structure, modeling, pipelines, and infrastructure. The Sr. Data Architect will go deep on learning Verint’s data environment and infrastructure to strategize, leverage data management expertise and influence solutions, data quality to drive cross-team projects and data roadmap. The Sr. Data Architect works horizontally to create long-term value for Verint by promoting the right data solutions for productivity, stability, and growth for the business.


Principal Duties and Essential Responsibilities :


    Responsible for the delivery of Verint’s Enterprise Data Lakehouse Platform.
    Work with implementation teams from concept to operations, providing deep technical subject matter expertise for successfully deploying large-scale data solutions in the enterprise, using modern data/analytics tools and technologies.
    Design and implement the data modeling, data integrations and data quality with Informatica.
    Operationalize Verint’s Enterprise Data Lakehouse program.
    Perform comprehensive deep dive analysis to identify key areas of improvements in client data landscape and provide data driven solutions to improve overall quality of data.
    Oversees the mapping of data sources, data movement, interfaces, and analytics, with the goal of ensuring data quality.
    Conducts research, investigations and assists in the development of information and data architecture roadmaps.
    Supports the roll out of an enterprise Master Data Management process, with a focus on the improvement of data quality and the protection of critical data. 


Minimum Requirements :


    Bachelor’s degree in Information Science/Computer Science/Mathematics/Analytics or equivalent in a related field or equivalent work experience.
    10+ years of experience in Data modeling, data architecture and operationalizing data warehouse.
    Exposure to tools such as Informatica used to support Master Data Management and metadata management, data profiling, and data quality.
    Experience interpreting, troubleshooting, and understanding computer programming languages (ex., Python, SQL) or demonstrates effective aptitude to learn additional coding languages.
    Hands-on experience with BI/Visualization tools (Tableau, PowerBI, OAC/OBIEE, etc.)
    Experience building metric frameworks to understand user behaviors.
    Strong understanding of data management, and working knowledge of relational databases, including MySQL, Oracle, SQL server and large-scale distributed systems such as Hadoop and Spark.
    Ability to think holistically to solve business problems and navigate through ambiguity.
    Analytical skills with the experience identifying, quantifying, and effectively raising business risks associated with data quality or non-compliance.
    Ability to influence without authority and have extraordinary collaboration skills to work across teams and time zones.
    Ability to interact and communicate with all levels of management; adaptability; and creative thinking.
    Must be self-motivated, operationally rigorous with a high tolerance for nuance and ambiguity, and comfortable with frequent changes.
    US remote role with the ability to work Eastern Time Zone hours.
    Successful completion of a background screening process including, but not limited to, employment verifications, criminal search, OFAC, SS Verification, as well as credit and drug screening, where applicable and in accordance with federal and local regulations. 


Organization


As an equal opportunity employer, Verint Systems, Inc. prides itself in providing employees with a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. This means we are committed to providing equal opportunity to all qualified employees and applicants for employment without regard to one’s race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, sex stereotyping, gender identity, gender expression, or transgender status), disability, alienage or citizenship status, marital status, creed, genetic predisposition or carrier status, sexual orientation, Veteran status, political affiliation or any other classification or characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment including but not limited to hiring, pl
At Intuitive, we are united behind our mission: we believe that minimally invasive care is life-enhancing care. Through ingenuity and intelligent technology, we expand the potential of physicians to heal without constraints. As a pioneer and market leader in robotic-assisted surgery, we strive to foster an inclusive and diverse team, committed to making a difference. For more than 25 years, we have worked with hospitals and care teams around the world to help solve some of healthcare's hardest challenges and advance what is possible. Intuitive has been built by the efforts of great people from diverse backgrounds. We believe great ideas can come from anywhere. We strive to foster an inclusive culture built around diversity of thought and mutual respect. We lead with inclusion and empower our team members to do their best work as their most authentic selves. Passionate people who want to make a difference drive our culture. Our team members are grounded in integrity, have a strong capacity to learn, the energy to get things done, and bring diverse, real world experiences to help us think in new ways. We actively invest in our team members to support their long-term growth so they can continue to advance our mission and achieve their highest potential. Join a team committed to taking big leaps forward for a global community of healthcare professionals and their patients. Together, let's advance the world of minimally invasive care.

Job Description

Primary function of position:

This role will specifically focus on our enterprise data warehousing and its modernization. The role is to help the customers and partners of the enterprise analytics team eliminate constraints from the legacy data architecture. The Associate Director is responsible for driving the architecture of data and processes to meet business needs. In addition, the Principal Data Architect will lead the design, build, and management of underlying data model that will deliver accurate, reliable data to the right place, in the right format, at the right time. This role will focus on the global enterprise data frameworks that will advance solutions such as data warehousing, business intelligence and advanced analytics.

Job Description

    Collaborate with Enterprise Analytics portfolio holders, analysts, engineers, and support teams to make the enterprise data warehouse both fluid for change and always usable
    Develop technical solutions and frameworks to support the enterprise. Includes participating and understanding requirements, authoring best practice frameworks, and creating packaged data service offerings
    Deliver engagements and projects to optimize Intuitive data warehouse implementation while continually helping the organization migrate from their existing on-premises data warehouses to other cloud services.
    Continual innovation by leading Intuitive technology stakeholders to create a compelling vision of a data-driven enterprise in their environment

Qualifications

Skill/Job Requirements:

    Minimum 12+ years of with data technology implementations
    8+ years of experience leading development in large scale data warehouse environments
    5+ years of hands-on experience maintaining MMP data warehouses
    3+ years of hands-on experience with Snowflake of similar cloud data warehouse services
    Extensive hands-on experience in leading large-scale full-cycle enterprise data warehousing projects
    Extensive hands-on experience in data warehousing design, tuning and ETL/ELT process development
    Experience designing data warehouse environments and analyzing existing production deployments
    Ability to evaluate and plan migrations technical migrations between different data platforms
    Excellent SQL and strong hands-on scripting (bash, perl or python) ability
    Experience with cloud services in a variety of distributed computing, enterprise environments
    Understanding of database and analytical technologies in the industry including MPP databases, Data Warehouse design, BI reporting, Dashboard development and NoSQL storage
    Familiarity with continuous integration tools and targeted testing for reliable and quick deployments
    Experience independently solving complex problems
    Excellent technical documentation and communication skills
    Working in cross-functional teams to ensure superb end-to-end user experience for customers.
    Strong understanding of basic system engineering, object-oriented design, information risk and security guidelines, and architecture standards
    Additional Preferred Skills
    Masters or PhD in Computer Science, Physics, Engineering or Math
    Previous experience with Data Factory, Databricks to build ETLs and data models.
    Familiar with medical device manufacturing and product development processes

Additional Information

Due to the nature of our business and the role, please note that Intuitive and/or your customer(s) may require that you show current proof of vaccination against certain diseases including COVID-19. Details can vary by role.

Intuitive is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. We provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants and employees, and prohibit discrimination and harassment of any type, without regard to race, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, color, age, religion, protected veteran or disability status, genetic information or any other status protected under federal, state, or local applicable laws.

We will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in accordance with fair chance laws.

As IT Director – BI & Analytics you will be responsible for overall system architecture, design, development and maintenance of enterprise performance monitoring platform which includes data warehouse, reporting, business intelligence, analytics and business insight. You will also be responsible for ensuring data accuracy, ease of use in consumption of business insight and that information portal is intuitive, comprehensive, and relevant to business needs. As an ideal candidate you will be expected to have 1 0+ years of experience in on-premises and cloud-based data and analytics platforms and solutions, preferably Azure environment, which should be in a printing or packaging manufacturing environment.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

    Partner with the business to understand current and future data needs and ensure the strategic roadmap positions to effectively leverage data to drive decisions and insights necessary for supporting organizational objectives.
    Drive design, development, implementation, and maintenance of high-quality and scalable data solutions that minimize burdens on end-users, reduce training requirements, and deliver on value creation
    Lead data warehouse/data marts/data lakes, reporting and analytic engagements managing all key internal and external stakeholders.
    Lead internal and external technical resources to develop, deploy and maintain BI and analytics solutions.
    Identify business process gaps critical to data collection to produce KPIs and metrics to effectively manage the business and work with business, ERP and applications team to address and fill the gap.
    Ensure data products effectively meet the needs of the users and of the organization, and model data in a way that empowers end users.
    Improve analytics processes by bringing best practices in algorithms, reproducible code, and collaboration using primarily Microsoft technology stack
    Provide post implementation support for business users to ensure maximum uptime, reliability, and accuracy for application.
    Execute additional duties as required.

Education and Experience Requirements for this position:

Education and Experience:

    10+ years of experience in on-premises and cloud-based data and analytics platforms and solutions, preferably Azure environment.
    Bachelor’s degree in computer science, business, data science, information management or equivalent profession experience.

Job Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:

    Extensive experience implementing data warehouse, BI and analytics solution in manufacturing industry. Packaging and printing industry experience will be a big plus.
    Strong familiarity with Azure Data Factory and data lake implementations.
    Implementation experience with Microsoft’s technology stack including Azure Data warehouse, SSIS and PowerBI.
    Experience migrating on-premises, legacy data warehouse platforms to cloud-native architectures and updating reporting capabilities and templates.
    Ability to both interpret and convey information in a clear, concise way with people from technical and non-technical background and use data to tell a story.
    High goal orientation and determination to deliver business value with a strong customer focus.
    Ability to manage multiple deliverables independently in a fast-paced environment.
    Strong verbal and written communication Skills and passion towards learning new technology.

Travel:

    Willing to travel to different sites to engage with users for discovery, design and training the users, up to 25%.

Training Requirements:

    Desire to continuously learn and apply learning to job and company success.
    Willing to attend required training courses or sessions related to the job.

Physical Demands:

    Must be able to perform routine, repetitive office functions.
    Must pass a pre-employment drug test and subject to random drug screening.

Work Environment:

    Office environment.
    Regular exposure to dust and noise in the production environment.

Fortis Solutions Group is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. We are an equal opportunity employer and therefore, do not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.

Job Description

As an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, disability, or veteran status.

Job Summary

In this role you’ll lead teams in Enterprise Analytics & Data Management as a part of the Waste Management’s Digital organization. Our mission is to accelerate business growth and drive operational efficiencies by extracting insights from data, predicting business outcomes and embedding intelligence into business processes. You will be instrumental in shaping the direction of our Cloud Strategy and will be actively involved in defining key product features that impact the business. You will lead enterprise architecture in a Kubernetes, AWS and Snowflake environment. You will work with Leadership, Architecture, Development, Operations, Network, Quality & Compliance and Security teams to evolve strategy, design and futuristic architecture and solutions.

Essential Duties And Responsibilities

    Defines enterprise strategy for cloud data management and cloud native strategies.
    Crafts Data Architecture and Strategy roadmaps.
    Possess leadership qualities necessary to drive change and adoption of the strategy.
    Develops highly scalable and fault-tolerant applications using AWS, Matillion or similar ETL tools, Snowflake and Relational database technologies.
    Designs scalable, resilient heterogeneous systems, cloud native workloads and cloud infrastructure.
    Drives data management architectures involving batch, micro-batch, and real-time streaming of data in both cloud and on-premise solutions.
    Provides technical and architectural oversight for systems and projects that are required to be reliable, massively scalable, highly available (99.999% uptime), and maintainable.
    Oversees implementation activity to ensure architecture and design principles are upheld and support technical objectives (availability, scalability, performance, security, etc.), as appropriate.
    Introduces best practices and principles to enable consistent delivery and enable alignment with long term direction.
    Leads and mentors other team members, including data architects, modelers, and engineers.
    Fosters development best practices within the team.
    Identifies areas of improvement and adoption of process improvements.
    Facilitates communication with cross-functional groups.
    Partners various business stakeholders to develop business requirements for data architecture and platform strategy.
    Defines solution level architecture for project teams including guidance on development tools, target platforms, operations, and security.
    Directs project development teams in implementations on our data platforms.
    Stays up to date on new data tools and techniques in the data space and industries.
    Conducts proof of concept activities with key business users in support of advanced use cases.


Managerial Responsibilities

    Leading data management teams consisting of Data Architects, Modelers, and Engineers.
    Leading data management and/or software development for distributed, fault tolerant systems with particular attention to security, scalability, high performance, and cost optimization.
    Balance technical leadership and business judgment to make the right decisions about data technology.


Qualifications

The requirements listed below are representative of the qualifications necessary to perform the job.


    Education and Experience
    Bachelor’s Degree (accredited), in computer science, engineering, Technology, or in lieu of degree, High School Diploma or GED (accredited) and four (4) years of relevant work experience.
    Eight (8) years of previous experience in addition to education requirement.



    Preferred Experience
    8 years of Enterprise Data Architecture and/or Data Management experience.
    People Leader of large-scale enterprise data architecture and cloud technologies.
    Infrastructure automation, microservices architectures and design principles.
    Cloud Architecture (AWS) Databases (RDBMS, NOSQL) and Cloud DW (Snowflake, Redshift)
    MDM platform applications and microservices such as Stibo and Informatica
    ETL experience with Matillion
    Data modeling (SQLDBM) and deploys developed using DataVault methodology
    Architecture experience for distributed systems on SaaS, PaaS, IaaS, Serverless, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud Native, Data Management & Analytics, Machine Learning and CICD.


Work Environment

Listed below are key points regarding environmental demands and work environment of the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job.

    Normal setting for this job is an office setting.
    PAYRATE: Colorado only minimum salary 135,000


About Us

ABOUT WM

WM ( WM.com ) is North America’s largest comprehensive waste management environmental solutions provider. Previously known as Waste Management and based in Houston, Texas, WM is driven by commitments to put people first and achieve success with integrity. The company, through its subsidiaries, provides collection, recycling and disposal services to millions of residential, commercial, industrial and municipal customers throughout the U.S. and Canada. With innovative infrastructure and capabilities in recycling, organics and renewable energy, WM provides environmental solutions to and collaborates with its customers in helping them achieve their sustainability goals. WM has the largest disposal network and collection fleet in North America, is the largest recycler of post-consumer materials and is the leader in beneficial reuse of landfill gas, with a growing network of renewable natural gas plants and the most gas-to-electricity plants in North America. WM’s fleet includes nearly 11,000 natural gas trucks – the largest heavy-duty natural gas truck fleet of its kind in North America – where more than half are fueled by renewable natural gas. To learn more about WM and the company’s sustainability progress and solutions, visit Sustainability.WM.com .

Imagine360 is currently seeking a passionate Sr. Director of Data Architecture and Services to help optimize the value of our data. Join a quickly growing team where you will manage full data lifecycle activities include strategy development, initiative roadmap creation, project portfolio planning/execution, documentation, and ongoing data services operations.


You will also manage design, development and management of operational data stores, enterprise data warehouse environments, and related ETL processes. The role is charged with monitoring of overall IT data management with a focus on continuous improvement and stakeholder satisfaction. This role will encompass direct management and mentoring of architecture/development teams with a focus on quality and continuous improvement. The role is very hands on with project leadership, development, testing and documentation responsibilities.


The roll will also lead strategic, IT-centric special projects by gathering/defining business requirements, developing project plans, leading cross-functional teams, collaborating with operational stakeholders, and providing status updates to executive leadership.


Position location: 100% remote


Responsibilities include but are not limited to:


    Craft and execute data management, architecture, integration, and governance strategies
    Collaborate with internal/external business and analytics stakeholders to transform business requirements into environment specific ETL, reporting, and data validation designs; work closely with management to prioritize business and information needs
    Lead data management team project portfolio process from intake of request to prioritized work efforts for team members to successful releases
    Provide technical leadership for architecture, design, documentation and maintenance of databases and related systems; create database storage structures; resolve database issues and maintains system security
    Design specifications and standards for semantic layers and multidimensional models for complex business intelligence and application development projects
    Lead monitoring of daily operations of data loads to identify data discrepancies, data quality issues, and work to ensure data consistency and integrity
    Manage the development of enterprise data dictionary and define data standards; maintain detailed and current documentation; define and document internal/external data flows.
    Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems
    Support business intelligence and AI/ML tool architecture, security requirements, and report development as needed
    Maintains database performance by identifying and resolving production and application development problems; calculating optimum values for parameters; evaluating, integrating, and installing new releases; completing maintenance; answering user questions
    Communicate status and issues in a concise and timely manner to project teams, IT Leadership, and Executive Leadership
    Review proposals from vendors/suppliers to ensure that quality inputs are delivered at the least possible cost. Manage vendor relationships.
    Collaborate extensively with IT, Analytics and Operations management teams to ensure successful projects and optimized use of resources 


Required Education and Experience:


    10+ years of data services and architecture experiences
    5 + years of management experience
    Experience leading complex projects and dynamic project teams
    Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, or related field from an accredited institution
    Proven experience successfully delivering projects on time and on budget 


Skills and Abilities:


Required:


    Team experience includes working closely with business professionals as well as technical resources and acting as a bridge between the two groups including liaison with vendors
    Ability to effectively manage and mentor employees
    Proven experience in developing creative solutions to business and technology challenges
    Strong communication and documentation skills (e.g. data mapping, user requirements, process flows, test scripts, project status, etc.)
    Solid technical background with understanding and/or hands-on experience in software development and ETL technologies
    Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques
    Strong ETL development knowledge and data warehouse architecture techniques
    Proven experience in developing creative solutions to technology challenges
    Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
    Working knowledge of and experience with databases (Microsoft SQL, MySQL, Postgres), programming (SSIS or ETL frameworks), common data exchange formats (XML, JSON, X12, flat delimited), and reporting packages (SSRS)
    Familiarity with cloud database services in AWS and Azure, including managed database instances and Azure Data Factory
    Understanding of best practices around database encryption, access control, backup and recovery
    Skilled at creating policies and procedures related to data security and integrity
    Adept at query development, report writing, and presenting findings
    Ability to interface with senior managers/business/technology professionals.
    Excellent client-facing and internal communication skills.
    Ability to make effective decisions under pressure and work in fast paced environment. 


Preferred:


    Experience working with healthcare insurance data in HIPPA compliant environment
    Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing large datasets (Excel, SPSS, SAS etc.) 


What can Imagine360 offer you?


    100% Company-Paid Premiums for Employee's Medical, Vision and Dental Plans
    Parental Leave Policy
    20 days PTO to start / 10 Paid Holidays
    Tuition reimbursement
    401k Company contribution
    Company paid Short & Long term Disability plus Life Insurance
    Professional development initiatives / continuous learning opportunities
    Opportunities to participate in and support the company's diversity and inclusion initiatives 


Want to see our latest job opportunities? Follow us on LinkedIn


Imagine360 is a health plan solution company that combines 50+ years of self-funding healthcare expertise. Over the years, we've helped thousands of employers save billions on healthcare. Our breakthrough total health plan solution is fixing today's one-size-fits-none PPO insurance problems with powerful, customized, member-focused solutions.


Imagine360 is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status.


**RECRUITMENT AGENCIES PLEASE NOTE: Imagine360 will only accept applications from agencies/business partners that have been invited to work on a specific role. Candidate Resumes/CV's submitted without permission or directly to Hiring Managers will be considered unsolicited a

What Application Development & Maintenance contributes to Cardinal HealthInformation Technology oversees the effective development, delivery, and operation of computing and information services. This function anticipates, plans, and delivers Information Technology solutions and strategies that enable operations and drive business value.Application Development & Maintenance performs configuration or coding to develop, enhance and sustain the organization's software systems in a cross-functional team environment through adherence to established design control processes and good engineering practices. This job family programs and configures end user applications, systems, databases and websites to achieve the organization's internal needs and externally-facing business needs. Application Development & Maintenance partners with business leaders, investigates user needs and conducts regular assessments, maintenance and enhancements of existing applications.

Overview

The Data & Analytics Manager will be responsible for leading a team tasked with the retirement of legacy data management applications. This includes, Long Term Data Retention, Data Retrieval, Data Migration, Data Accessibility and assisting the business teams with re-creation of reporting requirements.

Responsibilities:

The primary responsibilities of the business process team member include:

    Lead the team that is accountable for retirement of data management applications
    Define the future state of data management and reporting
    Define and execute work plan activities and participate in creation of project deliverables
    Provide business process specific expertise and knowledge of business
    Support end user training delivery
    Identify and help resolve issues
    Ensure alignment with process thread goals
    Communicate activity status for updates to the work plan
    Identify quick win opportunities and work with the business to implement
    Assume responsibility for timeliness and quality of work products
    Provide support as appropriate to other team members
    Support development of all project team deliverables
    Ensures decisions are made timely
    Manages scope of the area that they are responsible for

    Lead change in the business:
        Educate and involve colleagues
        Highlight culture issues or challenges to the change lead
        Challenge status quo
        Ensure business readiness for implementation
        Demonstrate support and commitment to the change
    Participate in user groups to define requirements, support detailed design and assist the work stream lead in driving the implementation and change activities
    Aligns business process requirements with system configuration to ensure the solution meets business needs
    Responsible for ensuring the integrity of master data feeding current state, transition state and future state environments
    Manages department operations and supervises professional employees, frontline supervisors and/or business support staff
    Leads their team effectively, with regular 1:1s, OTTT sessions, coaching, recognition, and regular team cadences

Qualifications:

    Bachelor’s Degree in related field (i.e. Computer Science) or equivalent work experience preferred
    8+ years of experience in related field preferred
    Demonstrated expertise of database design and modeling
    Expert knowledge of BI Reporting and Data Discovery tools
    Experience with business critical applications.
    Demonstrated understanding of financial implications of projects.
    Experience on large-scale implementation programs preferred
    Strong analytical skills
    Proven results orientation
    Excellent communication skills - written, oral and presentation
    Demonstrated knowledge of Business & IT functions across all functional areas and understanding of their relevance to business processes
    Demonstrated ability to work in a complex matrix environment

What is expected of you and others at this level:

    Manages department operations and supervises professional employees, front line supervisors and/or business support staff
    Participates in the development of policies and procedures to achieve specific goals
    Ensures employees operate within guidelines
    Decisions have a short term impact on work processes, outcomes and customers
    Interacts with subordinates, peers, customers, and suppliers at various management levels; may interact with senior management
    Interactions normally involve resolution of issues related to operations and/or projects
    Gains consensus from various parties involved

Cardinal Health is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, pregnancy, veteran status, marital status, creed, status with regard to public assistance, genetic sta

The GitLab DevOps platform empowers 100,000+ organizations to deliver software faster and more efficiently. We are one of the world’s largest all-remote companies with 1,800+ team members and values that guide a culture where people embrace the belief that everyone can contribute.

Manager, Data Platform Description

The Data Platform Team ( https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/business-technology/data-team/#the-data-platform-team ) closely partners with various teams across GitLab to facilitate making better decisions faster by developing and maintaining a Big Data Platform.

Manager, Data Platform Responsibilities

The job description of this specialization includes all of the responsibilities for the **Manager, Data** role. In addition, responsibilities for the specialization include:

    Manage, lead, and develop a High-Performance Team, including day-to-day assignments, bi-weekly milestone planning, 1-1s , quarterly objectives, and annual reviews
    Manage operational components of the Data Platform to ensure updated data are available per established SLOs
    Work with all divisions to continually grow the value of our Data Platform by onboarding new data from our SaaS, Telemetry, Product, and Corporate systems
    Understand the big picture and demonstrate how your team supports it through prioritization, planning, and solutioning
    Participate in Monthly Key Reviews to represent Data and stay up-to-date on company developments
    Implement the DataOps philosophy in everything you do
    Define, collaborate and communicate key influences and impacts to technical and non-technical audiences
    Plan and prioritize projects and work amongst stakeholders throughout the organization and Data Platform Team members
    Assigning tasks across the team and advising team members on how to get to expected outcomes including data architecture and infrastructural recommendations
    Guide, help, and support Data Engineers in their daily job
    Own one or more operational areas of the Data Platform, measuring successful results against established SLOs
    Assigning tasks across the Data Platform Team and advising team members on how to achieve expected results including data architecture and infrastructural recommendations

Manager, Data Platform Requirements

The job requirements of this specialization include all of the requirements for the **Manager, Data** role. In addition, requirements for the specialization include:

    Share our values , and work in accordance with those values
    5+ years of hands-on experience in a data analytics/engineering/science role
    1+ years leading or managing a team of 3 or more data analysts/engineers/scientists
    Demonstrate ability to understand and communicate end-to-end data systems: from computing to ETL to Reporting to Analysis
    Exceptional experience creating and developing partnerships with internal team members toward the delivery of impactful analytics solutions
    Must be able to work in alignment with Americas timezones
    This is a hands-on role and requires experience as a Data Engineering, Data Infrastructure or Data Architecture Individual Contributor
    Ability to make technical (data, infrastructure or architecture) decisions regarding the direction of the project
    Experience leading end-to-end data projects like adding new data sources, updating core infrastructure and adding new technologies to our modern data stack


Compensation

To view the full job description and its compensation calculator, view our handbook. The compensation calculator can be found towards the bottom of the page.

Additional details about our process can be found on our hiring page .

For Colorado residents: The base salary range for this role’s listed level is currently $100,800-$151,200 for Colorado residents only. Grade level and salary ranges are determined through interviews and a review of education, experience, knowledge, skills, abilities of the applicant, equity with other team members, and alignment with market data. See more information on our benefits and equity . Sales roles are also eligible for incentive pay targeted at up to 100% of the offered base salary. Disclosure as required by the Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act, C.R.S.

    8-5-101 et seq.

Remote-Global

Country Hiring Guidelines: GitLab hires new team members in countries around the world. All of our roles are remote, however some roles may carry specific location-based eligibility requirements. Our Talent Acquisition team can help answer any questions about location after starting the recruiting process.

Privacy Policy: Please review our Recruitment Privacy Policy. Your privacy is important to us.

GitLab is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. GitLab’s policies and practices relating to recruitment, employment, career development and advancement, promotion, and retirement are based solely on merit, regardless of race, color, religion, ancestry, sex (including pregnancy, lactation, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression), national origin, age, citizenship, marital status, mental or physical disability, genetic information (including family medical history), discharge status from the military, protected veteran status (which includes disabled veterans, recently separated veterans, active duty wartime or campaign badge veterans, and Armed Forces service medal veterans), or any other basis protected by law. GitLab will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. See also GitLab’s EEO Policy and EEO is the Law . If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation , p

 Specialty/Competency: IFS - Information Technology (IT)


Industry/Sector: Not Applicable


Time Type: Full time


Travel Requirements: Up to 20%


A career in Products and Technology is an opportunity to bring PwC's strategy to life by driving products and technology into everything we deliver. Our clients expect us to bring the right people and the right technology to solve their biggest problems; Products and Technology is here to help PwC meet that challenge and accelerate the growth of our business. We have skilled technologists, data scientists, product managers and business strategists who are using technology to accelerate change. Our team works with well structured data sources to understand the underlying data through exploration, answer specific domain questions or perform analysis related to those questions. They produce dashboards/visualizations and reports to explain and support findings, integrate data from multiple sources to produce requested or required data elements and develop data cleansing routines to standardize “messy” data or to align new data feeds to existing and expected formats and values. Data Analytics includes filing datasets to understand the data prior to utilizing it in downstream analytics, tools, dashboards and products, having a continuous eye for automating existing reporting and analysis and communicating insights and findings to business stakeholders.


To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.


Responsibilities


PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to


As a Senior Manager, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution.


    Encourage everyone to have a voice and invite opinion from all, including quieter members of the team.
    Deal effectively with ambiguous and unstructured problems and situations.
    Initiate open and candid coaching conversations at all levels.
    Move easily between big picture thinking and managing relevant detail.
    Anticipate stakeholder needs, and develop and discuss potential solutions, even before the stakeholder realises they are required.
    Contribute technical knowledge in area of specialism.
    Contribute to an environment where people and technology thrive together to accomplish more than they could apart.
    Navigate the complexities of cross-border and/or diverse teams and engagements.
    Initiate and lead open conversations with teams, clients and stakeholders to build trust.
    Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.


Data analysts work with well-structured data sources to explore data and answer specific questions through analysis. They produce dashboards to explain and support findings, automate reporting and analysis, and communicate findings to business stakeholders.


Basic Qualifications


Job Requirements and Preferences:


Minimum Degree Required


High School Diploma


Minimum Years Of Experience


6 year(s)


Degree Preferred


Preferred Qualifications:


Bachelor Degree


Preferred Knowledge/Skills


Demonstrates intimate abilities and/or a proven record of success as a team leader in the following areas:


    Conducting detailed analyses to create tangible insights that inform product, marketing and revenue strategy;
    Building and developing reports, dashboards, scorecards and/or analyses, working alongside leads, analysts and architects to deliver priority outcomes in alignment with the strategic roadmap;
    Presenting effective data-driven recommendations to a variety of technical and non-technical audiences;
    Engaging with various business units to frame, structure, and prioritize business problems;
    Managing the portfolio of work and partner with stakeholders on monthly governance activities;
    Assisting in the creation of documentation and version control relating to analysis, reporting and/or database structures;
    Creating and managing standards, processes, and procedures to ensure agile delivery and consistent operations;
    Identifying service and quality issues, and taking steps to remediate proactively;
    Partnering with data engineering teams on a robust, sustainable cloud-first big data architecture, data lake, data mart and other assorted reporting/distribution services;
    Partnering with data science teams to produce rich and bold insights as needed;
    Working in sprints on prioritized requirements and backlog items;
    Being able to shift quickly and work across multiple priorities;
    Demonstrating database management systems and SQL;
    Developing and configuring data visualization and business intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau, PowerBI, etc.);
    Scripting language (Python or other to automate data-related tasks);
    Demonstrating the ability to tell stories with data through the use of data visualization, dashboards and/or slides calling out key data insights;
    Demonstrating statistical modeling, applied mathematics or STEM;
    Demonstrating data querying, exploration and validation;
    Possessing highly effective oral and written communication skills with attention to detail;
    Convincing other all different personalities of their ideas and work with a large number of partners in solving a problem;
    Demonstrating the ability to synthesize data from multiple sources into a digestible format;
    Being capable of providing detailed requirements to technical and business teams for new data and reporting related requests;
    Identifying opportunities for process and system improvement by monitoring existing metrics, analyzing data and partnering with internal teams; and,
    Working in ambiguous situations and across organizational boundaries.


At PwC, our work model includes three ways of working: virtual, in-person, and flex (a hybrid of in-person and virtual). Visit the following link to learn more: https://pwc.to/ways-we-work.


PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.


All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.


For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.


For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradoproductstechseniormanager.


For positions in New York City, visit the following link for pay range information: https://pwc.to/payrange-a-productstechseniormanager



Hims & Hers Health, Inc. (better known as Hims & Hers) is a multi-specialty telehealth platform building a virtual front door to the healthcare system. Hims & Hers connects consumers to licensed healthcare professionals, enabling people to access high-quality medical care—from wherever is most convenient—for numerous conditions related to primary care, mental health, sexual health, skincare, and more. Launched in November 2017, the platform also offers thoughtfully created and curated health and wellness products. With products and services available across all 50 states and Washington, D.C., Hims & Hers’ mission is to make it easier for all Americans to access affordable care and treatment for conditions that impact their daily lives. In January 2021, the company was listed on the NYSE at an initial valuation of $1.6 billion and is traded under the ticker symbol “HIMS”. To learn more about our brand and offerings, you can visit forhims.com and forhers.com .


Hims & Hers Health is looking for a dynamic leader to lead our Data Engineering team. You will drive all data engineering initiatives for building the next-gen data platform. You will be leading a team of data engineers and architects, collaborating closely with senior leaders in engineering, product and business stakeholders to design and build real time data pipelines, publish data products, and lead research and evaluation of new technical solutions.


Key Responsibilities

    Collaborate with various Business function teams and the data science team to build high quality, performant solutions that ensure stakeholder groups have access to the data they need
    Build and evolve h&h data platforms, with a focus on continuous process improvement and resiliency
    Define a set of standard technologies & tools for the data platform, and drive the adoption, implementation, and ongoing sustaining of the data platform
    Evaluate and make the call on technical solutions, architecture, and platforms
    Data Management practices including Data Modeling, ETL practices, Aggregation patterns, and Data warehousing principles
    Execute the vision, goals, priorities and work alongside the team to accomplish them. Ensure high-quality technical solutions and skill development
    Develop an organizational structure and operating model in which the engineers thrive in cross-functional teams (with analysts, data scientists, etc) that are embedded and dedicated to business and product areas
    Lead strategic planning, roadmap development, and operational planning for your teams
    Drives continuous improvement to deliver solutions that are at the forefront of industry leading techniques while also adhering to analytical best practices


Required Skills

    8+ years in Software Engineering, with 3+ years leading teams
    Deep experience with data engineering, big data and analytical technologies using cloud-based data platforms
    Exceptional communication and leadership skills, with a proven ability to operate in a fast moving environment.
    Expertise in SDLC (systems development life cycle) / Iterative / Agile / Scrum development
    Strong leadership skills to move the team through a major change, initiative to drive change forward and identify solutions to potential obstacles
    Be a change agent and foster a learn by doing environment
    Exceptional judgment, strategic thinking, and creative problem-solving skills. Strong analytical mind.
    Prior experience with Data Warehouse or Data Lake solutions similar to Snowflake/Redshift, Cloud environments similar to AWS/GCP, Big Data solutions similar to Hadoop/Spark, Realtime Streaming solutions similar to Kafka/Flink
    Knowledge of advanced visualization tools such as Tableau, Superset and Looker


Hims is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, orientation, national origin, age, disability, genetics or any other basis forbidden under federal, state, or local law. Hims considers all qualified applicants in accordance with th
Who We Are Looking For

The Director of Data Engineering will be a key member of the Data leadership team and will be involved in leading the administration of the WebPT data platform. This role will manage the Data Engineering team, provide technical leadership, capacity and resource planning, and will be a key member helping us build out the next generation of the data platform.

What You’ll Be Doing As A Part of Our Team

    Lead and support design, development and implementation of data warehouse and data lake environments.
    Responsible for building and operating data pipelines and integrations from source system.
    Lead all aspects of data engineering, data architecture and assist the VP in data governance initiatives.
    Work with upstream data consumption analysts, product managers and business stakeholders to build foundational data models.
    Work with the Data Infrastructure team to build tools to improve developer productivity and reliability of data pipelines.
    Manages activities of two or more teams; may have subordinate supervisors or team leads, as well as engineers as direct reports to ensure Service Level Agreements (SLA) are met.
    Lead automation of system and application infrastructure and provide technical guidance to infrastructure-as-code efforts.
    Own the data and technical strategy for broad or complex requirements with insightful and forward-looking approaches that go beyond the direct team and solve large open-ended problems.
    Guide efforts applied to identification, enhancement and automation of applications and systems.
    Ensure testing policies and procedures are followed.
    Oversee on-call rotation schedules, ensuring staff adhere to SLAs for support. Additionally, oversee any Severity 1 system issues, performing triage and ensuring a well-organized efficient response.
    Enhance and mature the Agile software development lifecycle within the team by applying industry best practices and processes.
    Participate in and support initiatives for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery Planning.
    Serve as key liaison between Engineering and other departments
    Promote DevOps principles and collaborate with other groups.
    Support the company's commitment to risk management and protecting the integrity and confidentiality of systems and data.
    Hire top talent to grow and nurture data engineering teams.
    Develop and enforce database development standards.
    Reliable and punctual in reporting for work and taking designated breaks.

What You Should Have To Qualify

    Should be able to work with the Data Infrastructure team to build tools to improve developer productivity and reliability of data pipelines.
    Be a thought leader and lead a high performing team: A senior point of technical expertise while managing and motivating team members. Communicates company goals, practices, and values. Responsible for hiring, training, and assessing performance and development, and keeping management updated on team outcomes.
    Establish best practices to improve data architecture, development process and data reliability.
    Conduct planning to establish long term and short-term goals for horizontal data teams.
    Integrate new systems and functions like security, performance, scalability, reliability and data recovery.
    Ability to envision project goals, product architectural solutions, and focus on details and tasks to ensure successful implementation.
    Ability to work independently and handle multiple deadline-driven projects simultaneously.
    Bachelor’s Degree in Data Science, Engineering, or 10+ years of experience in Data Architecture.
    Experience working across data system environments like AWS and Azure.
    Experience with databases like Snowflake or other cloud environments
    Strong knowledge of database structure systems and data mining.
    Excellent organizational and analytical abilities.
    Healthcare experience preferred
    Outstanding problem solver.
    Good written and verbal communication skills

Culture is at our Core

    Service: Create Raving Fans
    Accountability: F Up; Own Up
    Attitude: Possess True Grit
    Personality: Be Minty
    Work Ethic: Be Rock Solid
    Community Outreach: Give Back
    Health and Wellness: Live Better
    Resource Efficiency: Do Más With Menos

About Us

Here, we work hard—but we have lots of fun doing it. We believe in equal opportunity for all, autonomy, trailblazing, and always doing right by our Members. Most importantly, though, we believe in empowering rehab therapy professionals to achieve greatness in practice. So, if you’re a can-do kinda person who loves to help Members win and enjoys working from just about anywhere—then you’ll fit right in. We’ve got big plans, but we can’t achieve them without you. Join us, and let’s achieve greatness.

Company Perks

    Ample Time Off for fun and rest
    Work from nearly anywhere in the US
    WFH supply budget
    Time Off to make an impact through volunteering
    Multiple Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)
    Health, Dental, Vision, 401k, HSA, any many other benefits
    Authenticity and Acceptance
	
Dice is the leading career destination for tech experts at every stage of their careers. Our client, Nigel Frank International, is seeking the following. Apply via Dice today!


Sr. Manager of BI and Data Architecture


Job Type: Full-Time, Permanent


Location: Onsite in Warminster, PA


Salary: Up to 180k


Summary


We are looking for a Sr. Manager of Business Intelligence & Data Architecture to join a fast-paced, innovative, and highly visible team building data-driven digital solutions. This position will provide the ownership, leadership, knowledge as well as the vision of the BI and Data Architecture operations. This position reports to the company VP of IT.


Key Responsibilities:


    Lead the BI report and dashboard development project lifecycle using Agile methodology
    Lead the continuing architecture improvement of data platforms
    Develop and execute BI & Data Architecture program roadmap
    Create a data-centric environment that allows for empowerment of data across the organization
    Interact closely with cross-functional business stakeholders at all levels in aligning report demands and priorities.
    Translate business requirements to viable and measurable reporting projects
    Responsible for project deliverable meeting stakeholder expectations
    Organize the company Business Intelligence Steering Committee.
    Provide subject matter expertise to business stakeholders
    Serve as an advisor to the company leadership
    All other duties as assigned


Qualifications:


    A doer with a high focus on key results and customer value
    Excellent verbal and written communications skills - able to develop routine dialogue with senior management including C-Suite leaders
    Bachelor's Degree in Data Science, Information Technology, Computer Science, Mathematics, or related fields
    3+ years' experience in high-volume manufacturing industries
    3+ years' experience in managing data architecture, especially cloud data platforms, preferably Azure Synapse
    10+ years' experience in data analytics with at least 5 years in a managerial role
    Experience in team building, mentoring, and coaching
    Strong Agile project management skills
    Excellent business acumen
    Experience of utilizing reporting visualization application packages like PowerBI, Tableau, Domo
    Strong knowledge of SQL, relational DB, data API and data ETL


Preferred Qualifications:


    Master's Degree in Data Science, Information Technology, Computer Science, Mathematics, or related fields
    3+ years' experience in the CPG industry
    Strong knowledge of data governance
    Knowledge of AI and ML
    PMP certificate

- provided by Dice

	Job Number: 34419

Position Title: Senior Manager, Information Technology

External Description

Sr Manager, Data Governance

Informatica empowers the world's most progressive companies to realize data-driven digital transformations that are changing the world. To do this, we live by our We "DATA" values. We Do Good, Act As One Team, Think Customer First, and Aspire For The Future. Together, we are conquering the impossible with data and changing what was once unimaginable into what’s now common—making lives richer, businesses stronger, and our world better.

Team

The Enterprise Data Office is responsible for enterprise-wide data and information strategy, governance, control, and effective exploitation of data assets to create tangible business value

Role

    Maintain the Data Governance charter and roadmap for the Organization and work with cross functional teams to identify Data Privacy/Governance Champions and BU Records Coordinators.
    Maintain the enterprise-wide data governance framework, with a focus on improvement of data quality and the protection of sensitive data through modifications to organization behavior policies and standards, principles, governance metrics, processes, related tools and data architecture
    Continue to enforce the roles and responsibilities related to data governance and ensure clear accountability for stewardship of the Informatica’s information assets
    Collaborate with resources from the Business, IT and operations functions, to achieve governance objectives; resolve governance issues from functional representatives
    Continue to create operational processes to include Data Governance principles, policies and processes as new systems are onboarded, updated and retired throughout the Application Management Lifecycle
    Provide progress reports to management and oversee periodic updates to the Governance Roadmap

Key Essentials

    10+ years of industry experience with a minimum of 5+ years in a Data Governance role
    Knowledge of data governance, data protection, privacy and security automation as applicable to software industry
    Understanding of how Data relates to Processes that are supported by Systems and relate to Legal Entities, Business Areas and data management/privacy Policies.
    Familiar with data classification techniques and frameworks.
    Demonstrated consulting skills, with change management concepts and strategies, including communication, culture change and performance measurement system design
    Excellent communication, presentation, and documentation skills.
    Must have hands on working experience with Informatica Data Governance products like Enterprise Data Catalog (EDC), Axon Data Governance, Master Data Management (MDM), Data Quality (IDQ), and Data Privacy Manager (DPM).
    Must have an understanding of the Data Governance products configuration and how they work together, e.g. Axon onboarding with EDC to show lineage/metadata.
    Understanding of Data Profiling and creating Data Quality scorecards.
    Ability to create presentations, training materials and ability to train Data Owners, Stewards and stakeholders.
    Familiar with Records of Processing Activities (ROPA) to ensure GDPR requirements are met.
    Enforce the Data Lifecycle Management policies and procedures.
    Familiar with records retention and ensure that records are properly disposed of per the corporate record retention schedule.
    BS or equivalent educational background is preferred

What’s In It for You?

    Work for a company that’s a leader in everything data and a leader in five Gartner Magic Quadrants
    Robust benefits package: Health benefits, 401K Program, ESPP, Employee Assistance and Wellness Programs and Paid Parental Leave which includes adoption
    Strong Diversity and Inclusion initiatives
    Be a part of a global team

City: Austin

State: Texas

Seniority Level: Mid-Senior Level

Alternative Location(s) : Austin, TX

Community / Marketing Title: Senior Manager, Data Governance

Remote LinkedIn Hashtag



Company Profile

Where data is poised for greatness

A career with Informatica gives you all the opportunities and benefits that can only come from working for the trusted industry leader. By joining our team, you'll be able to solve real-life problems, make a difference, have a global impact, and join a supportive group of globally diverse teammates. We encourage you to be yourself, grow with us and help us create a world where data is poised for greatness.

EEO Employer Verbiage

We’re driven by our DATA values and we are passionate about building and delivering solutions that accelerate data innovations.

Perks And Benefits

    Inclusion, diversity, equality and belonging (IDEB) – our commitment to fostering a culture that celebrates our unique differences
    Comprehensive and competitive health and wellness benefits, including paid parental leave and adoption benefits, and 401k plan or international pension/retirement plans
    Flexible time-off policy and hybrid working practices
    Global recognition program for employees and leaders to reward and recognize each other
    Global learning organization with mentorship opportunities and a tuition reimbursement program to support your professional and personal growth
    Equity opportunities and a robust employee stock purchase program (ESPP)
    Comprehensive Mental Health and Employee Assistance Program (EAP) benefit
    Referral Bonuses

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability.

Informatica, the Enterprise Cloud Data Management leader, empowers businesses to realize the transformative power of data. We have pioneered a new category of software, the Informatica Intelligent Data Management Cloud (IDMC), powered by AI and a cloud-first, cloud-native, end-to-end data management platform that connects, manages and unifies data across any multi-cloud, hybrid system, empowering enterprises to modernize and advance their data strategies. Customers in more than 100 countries and 85 of the Fortune 100 rely on Informatica to drive data-led digital transformation. For more information, visit us at www.informatica.com, LinkedIn, Twitter, and Facebook.
Job Description Summary

You will play a pivotal role in the development and future implementation of the Company’s enterprise data architecture. GE Healthcare is a leading global medical technology and digital solutions innovator. Our purpose is to create a world where healthcare has no limits. Unlock your ambition, turn ideas into world-changing realities, and join an organization where every voice makes a difference, and every difference builds a healthier world.

Job DescriptionRoles and Responsibilities

    In this role, you will be responsible for development and future implementation of the Company’s enterprise data architecture.
    Develop an architectural vision to integrate key finance, HR, Sourcing and legal and other data streams into the existing enterprise data architecture on the One Data Platform
    Be an active participant and the authoritative technical voice in Data & Analytics product strategy discussions
    Cultivate close relationship with Product and Engineering leadership to influence design of products for insights and AI
    Establish an active community of technologists and engineers who can be key champions of ODP (One Data Platform)
    Mentor emerging technical talent in the organization
    Understand data modeling techniques as it relates on how to frame N-Tier applications

Qualifications

    Bachelor’s Degree in STEM required.
    Minimum 15+ years of relevant experience
    Demonstrated experience with Enterprise Data Architecture, Data Analytics including technology evaluations, solution
    Demonstrated experience in defining and leading enterprise data architecture.
    Process oversight, regulatory knowledge

We expect all employees to live and breathe our behaviors: to act with humility and build trust; lead with transparency; deliver with focus, and drive ownership –always with unyielding integrity.

Our total rewards are designed to unlock your ambition by giving you the boost and flexibility you need to turn your ideas into world-changing realities. Our salary and benefits are everything you’d expect from an organization with global strength and scale, and you’ll be surrounded by career opportunities in a culture that fosters care, collaboration and support.

The salary range for this position is 176,000.00 - 264,000.00 USD Annual. The specific salary offered to a candidate may be influenced by a variety of factors including the candidate’s experience, their education, and the work location. In addition, this position is eligible for an annual performance bonus. Available benefits include health, welfare, retirement, and paid leave.



GE offers a great work environment, professional development, challenging careers, and competitive compensation. GE is an Equal Opportunity Employer . Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a drug screen (as applicable).

As a federal government contractor, GE may in the future be required to have U.S. employees fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Some GE customers currently have vaccination mandates that may apply to GE employees.

Relocation Assistance Provided: Yes

 About Workato

Workato is the only integration and automation platform that is as simple as it is powerful — and because it's built to power the largest enterprises, it is quite powerful.

Simultaneously, it's a low-code/no-code platform. This empowers any user (dev/non-dev) to painlessly automate workflows across any apps and databases.

We're proud to be named a leader by both Forrester and Gartner and trusted by 7,000+ of the world's top brands such as Box, Grab, Slack, and more. But what is most exciting is that this is only the beginning.

Why join us?

Ultimately, Workato believes in fostering a flexible, trust-oriented culture that empowers everyone to take full ownership of their roles. We are driven by innovation and looking for team players who want to actively build our company.

But, we also believe in balancing productivity with self-care. That's why we offer all of our employees a vibrant and dynamic work environment along with a multitude of benefits they can enjoy inside and outside of their work lives.

If this sounds right up your alley, please submit an application. We look forward to getting to know you!

Also, feel free to check out why:

    Business Insider named us an "enterprise startup to bet your career on"
    Forbes' Cloud 100 recognized us as one of the top 100 private cloud companies in the world
    Deloitte Tech Fast 500 ranked us as the 17th fastest growing tech company in the Bay Area, and 96th in North America
    Quartz ranked us the #1 best company for remote workers

Responsibilities

We are looking for a Senior Manager to join our Workato team and help us to elevate the maturity of the data discipline, including associated processes and technology solutions. The successful candidate will champion and execute business intelligence and data governance initiatives. This highly visible position, will be part of the Business Technology organization and report to the Senior Director, Business Architecture & Applications as we work to continuously transform our solutions and embrace a data-driven culture that seeks to leverage data whenever and wherever possible to enhance business efficiency and effectiveness in our operations. While managing a small remote team, you will be responsible for architecting data warehousing solutions and maintaining the information architecture of global enterprise solutions spanning multiple business areas.

    Define an enterprise data strategy to establish a governed, curated, and agile data ecosystem that enables businesses to make data-driven decisions
    Translate strategic requirements into a usable enterprise information architecture, which includes an enterprise data model, associated metamodel, common business vocabulary, and naming taxonomy.
    Develop and maintain architecture artifacts like data flows/lineage diagrams, frameworks, and patterns as references for the development teams across Business Technology
    Participate in architecture review of BI/Analytics/data solutions for various Data Warehousing projects in Snowflake, and data visualization technologies
    Guide enterprise solution development and achieve consistency of information assets across the application portfolio
    Lead analysis of the current application landscape to detect critical deficiencies in the data domain and recommend solutions for improving BT's value proposition to the business partners
    Participate in the data governance committee composed of key business stakeholders to align on data ownership, definitions, usage policies, and priorities
    Manage a small team of data analysts and data engineers

Requirements

Qualifications / Experience / Technical Skills

    BS degree or equivalent experience
    5+ years of experience architecting, designing and developing data solutions utilizing a mixture of big data and relational database platforms.
    Data/information modeling expertise at the enterprise level
    Hands-on experience with Snowflake utilities, SnowSQL, SnowPipe a big plus
    Experience creating datasets for data visualization tools
    Experience with Master Data Management, Metadata Management, and Data Quality tools, methods, and frameworks
    Experience facilitating/participating in data governance councils
    Ability to coordinate and collaborate with all business leaders on data strategy and vision
    Ability to define, maintain and manage architecture models, frameworks, and artifacts and their building blocks (lower-level component) for the enterprise


 Discover. A brighter future.


With us, you’ll do meaningful work from Day 1. Our collaborative culture is built on three core behaviors: We Play to Win, We Get Better Every Day & We Succeed Together. And we mean it — we want you to grow and make a difference at one of the world's leading digital banking and payments companies. We value what makes you unique so that you have an opportunity to shine.


Come build your future, while being the reason millions of people find a brighter financial future with Discover.


Job Description


Position Overview:


Discover Finance and Corporate Services (FCS) has a desire to move boldly towards digitizing and automating how we work. The Director of Business Intelligence and Data Science will report to the VP of Finance Data Science and will be key in achieving this ambitious goal.


This seasoned Director will lead a team of Business Intelligence and Data Science professionals that will develop next generation reporting, planning and analytical capabilities; ultimately transforming the way we work within Finance and Corporate Services (FCS). This journey requires automating and visualizing our management reporting and streamlining the way we analyze and interpret data leveraging Python, Tableau and other advanced analytics techniques.


A successful candidate is a visionary leader who will drive change and influence the team to think strategically about how they can leverage technology to improve processes. The leader will create a culture of curiosity and continuous improvement.


Responsibilities:


    Define the vision and roadmap for leveraging technology to transform and automate financial planning, data analysis, and management reporting activities within FCS
    Collaborate with business stakeholders to understand their automation goals, provide thought leadership to design solutions, and lead cross functional teams to deliver projects
    Lead the design of data architecture to execute business intelligence solutions and work closely with Business Technology teams to ensure the implementation of an efficient data management process
    Design Tableau dashboards that are both intuitive and visually appealing; optimize data visualization to provide reliable insights with superb user experience
    Continuously monitor BI trends and tools to deliver modern and simple solutions to business partners; progressing data availability and improving analytics that are used by leaders in the decision-making process
    Study a vast array of Discover financial and customer data (e.g., sales, payments, delinquent, and transaction level data) and apply advanced statistical methods and machine learning techniques (e.g., decision tree, clustering, CHAID, unsupervised machine learning, etc.) to gain actionable insights
    Build, train, and manage a team of data scientists in applying statistical and machine learning techniques to create insightful and user-friendly BI solutions


Minimum Qualifications


At a minimum, here’s what we need from you:


    Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Economics or related field
    12+ years of experience in Data Science, Advanced Analytics, Modeling, Tableau
    8+ years leading Data Analytics teams


Preferred Qualifications


If we had our say, we’d also look for:


    Master’s degree in Statistics or Engineering
    4+ years Tableau experience


#Remote


What are you waiting for? Apply today!


All Discover employees place our customers at the very the center of our work. To deliver on our promises to our customers, each of us contribute every day to a culture that values compliance and risk management.


The same way we treat our employees is how we treat all applicants – with respect. Discover Financial Services is an equal opportunity employer (EEO is the law). We thrive on diversity & inclusion. You will be treated fairly throughout our recruiting process and without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status in consideration for a career at Discover.




Position Summary


    The data and analytics manager are responsible for all aspects of data governance, including developing the overall data architecture strategy and creating and maintaining standards and best practices for data provisioning and data integration. They’ll act as the subject matter expert within the organization and can liaise with technical staff, directors, product development team, and marketing managers to ensure data goals and objectives are met.
    The data and analytics manager are responsible for leading all aspects of the data management team, including administering the overall planning, coaching, and mentoring team members and business partners, providing high-level project management, and maintaining client relationships.
    The Sr Manager of data and analytics are expected to ensure every stage of the software development and/or implementation lifecycle, from analysis and design through testing, release, and maintenance while adhering to current Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) processes are documented and followed.


Duties and Responsibilities:


DESIGN: Participates in Logical and/or Physical Design of Systems

    Balances advocacy for business stakeholder needs against robust, scalable, and secure technical design with emphasis on metrics to monitor effectiveness
    Organizes and participates in the design of systems with architects, software developers, engineers, business experts, and other stakeholders including interface design and specifications, data modeling, and process flows
    Proactively identifies system design issues and conflicts, and helps define and implement solutions
    Applies knowledge of systems, data, and customer requirements to uncover problems and recommends solutions

TESTING and TRAINING: Ensure Quality Technology Deliverables

    Ensures contextual test plans, cases, and scripts in support of functional, performance, system integration, regression, or user acceptance testing
    Ensures Documents test results and logs defects / observations into software tracking system
    Fully executes Quality Assurance (QA) function or collaborates with larger team as required, dependent on size/scope of change and resource availability
    Captures and generates training material as required in support of a project or system
    Provides appropriate training to business or technical resources on system functionality

TROUBLESHOOTING: Debug and Triage Systems Utilizing Technical Skills

    Uses technical skills and tools to review, analyze, and troubleshoot data management architecture or applications through debugging and interrogation of interfaces, databases, system logs, and web services
    Responds to business and technical issues
    Supports escalated tickets generated from the service desk

ANALYSIS: Gathering, Translating, and Documenting Business Requirements

    Assist business requirements teams to streamline product design processes, reduce delivery time, increase project throughput, and reduce product delivery costs
    Utilizes meetings, interviews, data analysis, modeling tools, document analysis, workshops, surveys, site visits, business process descriptions, use cases, scenarios, business process analysis and task / workflow analysis
    Ability to support prototyping activities to gather business requirements and solution definition Translates business requirements into design specifications or technical tasks

LEADERSHIP: Provide Cross-Functional, Matrixed Leadership to the Data Management Team and Technology Initiatives

    Manages the data architecture team directly, and oversees the project and governance teams
    Provides overall leadership in the areas of integration governance, quality control, and auditing of information, including working directly with application developers and clients to resolve data conflicts and inappropriate data usage
    Influences and negotiates with parties as appropriate to achieve desired results
    Coaches and develops team members
    Escalates when necessary
    Delegates tasks to team members as appropriate with clear deliverables and deadlines
    Follows up on progress of delegated items
    Works closely with technology, project, business managers and 3rd party vendors to ensure timely execution of delivery milestones


Primary Contacts


    IT leadership team: CIO, directors
    IT management and staff: managers, supervisors, individual contributors
    Business unit executives and staff
    Other business function staff (e.g., marketing, HR, compliance, legal, etc.)
    Outside vendors


Experience


    10+ years of experience in the following fields: information technology, logical and physical data modeling, database administration, enterprise application integration, and business process management
    5+ years of experience in IT in technology architecture, operations, and design related disciplines
    2+ years of experience as a database administrator
    Comprehensive experience with data modeling tools
    5+ years of people management experience
    Experience in development lifecycle management mandatory


Knowledge and Skills


    Possesses a working knowledge of the enterprise application system and database portfolio, including development technologies, application design strategies, access methods, naming standards, performance tuning, and integration strategies necessary to maintain information integrity, security and physical storage requirements
    Applies knowledge of systems, data, and customer requirements to uncover problems and recommends solutions
    Must have a thorough understanding of the various legislative acts and how they impact data
    Knowledge of data integration tools
    Thorough understanding of project management and SDLC methodologies
    Ability to determine long term directions, industry trends, and how they relate to the organizational needs
    Must be able to initiate change and be able to communicate effectively

About Our Company


The H.W. Kaufman Group is a global, forward-thinking specialty insurance organization that includes 15 companies with more than 2,000 professionals at 60 offices across the U.S., Canada, and UK. With an ever-broadening group of companies in our portfolio, there is simply not a more unique professional experience in the specialty insurance business than joining one of the H.W. Kaufman Group organizations.


Equal Opportunity Employer


The H.W. Kaufman Group of companies is an equal opportunity employer. All employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation, genetic information or any other status or condition protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate.
Featured benefits

    Medical insurance
    Vision insurance
    Dental insurance
    401(k)
    Paid maternity leave
    Paid paternity leave
    Tuition assistance

Dice is the leading career destination for tech experts at every stage of their careers. Our client, Nigel Frank International, is seeking the following. Apply via Dice today!


Sr. Manager of BI and Data Architecture


Job Type: Full-Time, Permanent


Location: Onsite in Warminster, PA


Salary: Up to 180k


Summary


We are looking for a Sr. Manager of Business Intelligence & Data Architecture to join a fast-paced, innovative, and highly visible team building data-driven digital solutions. This position will provide the ownership, leadership, knowledge as well as the vision of the BI and Data Architecture operations. This position reports to the company VP of IT.


Key Responsibilities:


    Lead the BI report and dashboard development project lifecycle using Agile methodology
    Lead the continuing architecture improvement of data platforms
    Develop and execute BI & Data Architecture program roadmap
    Create a data-centric environment that allows for empowerment of data across the organization
    Interact closely with cross-functional business stakeholders at all levels in aligning report demands and priorities.
    Translate business requirements to viable and measurable reporting projects
    Responsible for project deliverable meeting stakeholder expectations
    Organize the company Business Intelligence Steering Committee.
    Provide subject matter expertise to business stakeholders
    Serve as an advisor to the company leadership
    All other duties as assigned


Qualifications:


    A doer with a high focus on key results and customer value
    Excellent verbal and written communications skills - able to develop routine dialogue with senior management including C-Suite leaders
    Bachelor's Degree in Data Science, Information Technology, Computer Science, Mathematics, or related fields
    3+ years' experience in high-volume manufacturing industries
    3+ years' experience in managing data architecture, especially cloud data platforms, preferably Azure Synapse
    10+ years' experience in data analytics with at least 5 years in a managerial role
    Experience in team building, mentoring, and coaching
    Strong Agile project management skills
    Excellent business acumen
    Experience of utilizing reporting visualization application packages like PowerBI, Tableau, Domo
    Strong knowledge of SQL, relational DB, data API and data ETL


Preferred Qualifications:


    Master's Degree in Data Science, Information Technology, Computer Science, Mathematics, or related fields
    3+ years' experience in the CPG industry
    Strong knowledge of data governance
    Knowledge of AI and ML
    PMP certificate

- provided by Dice

    The location for this position is virtual/remote ***

From smartphone capabilities like Digital Key to Hilton Connected Room that allow for integrated entertainment, temperature, and lighting controls, Hilton’s Global Technology team is responsible for creating the hospitality experience of the future – for our guests, owners, and Team Members. Through innovative technology development and deployment, this team ensures Hilton has the technology needed to support our continued global growth while remaining at the forefront of hospitality technology innovation.

What will I be doing?

The Senior Manager Data Architecture will be responsible for designing and delivering enterprise wide solutions on a cloud platform. This position works with enterprise architects, data architects, and solution architects to design and implement data solutions to meet business priorities in keeping with technology strategy, standards, and the best course of action.

The person in this role will be an engineering specialist proficient in modern computing, big data, and advanced analytics architectures and patterns and having a consistent record of delivering the products.

More Specifically, You Will

    Partner with the business to understand their technical needs and come up with an architecture design/solution
    Help with the proof of concepts and build data pipelines in cloud and big data space
    Implement technical best methods, technical solutions, interpret trends and patterns in collaboration with engineering under architecture team guidance
    Improve data quality and efficiency of data processing channels and always look for optimizations
    Able to perform data profiling, data analysis, and data modeling

What are we looking for?

The success in this role will demonstrate itself through the following attributes and skills:

    Hands on experience with AWS services - S3, Lambda, Redshift, IAM roles, and Security
    Experience with RDBMS - MySQL, PostgreSQL
    Experience with NOSQL platforms - CouchDB
    Sound knowledge of Microservice architecture and API architecture
    Experience in Conceptual, Logical, and Physical data modeling
    Experience with Master Data Management
    Experience with ELT and EL technologies
    Accomplished in software/platform design principles
    Skilled at understanding, documenting, and describing complex technical subjects; and aligning business capabilities to Technology solutions

To fulfill this role successfully, you should demonstrate the following minimum qualifications:

    Ten (10) years of professional experience in Technology or related field
    Four (4) years of experience with Cloud technologies and platforms such as Redshift, EMR, Lambda, NOSQL, Kafka
    Three (3) years of experience leading teams and/or projects

It would be useful in this position for you to demonstrate the following capabilities and distinctions:

    Bachelor’s Degree, or Associate’s Degree plus 6+ years of Technology related experience, or High School Degree/GED plus 12+ years of Technology related experience
    Twelve (12) + years of professional experience in Technology or related field
    Six (6) + years of experience with Cloud technologies and platforms such as Redshift, EMR, Lambda, NOSQL, Kafka
    Five (5) years of software/platform design and implementation experience
    Five (5) years of experience with cloud applications/technologies

What is it like working for Hilton?

The future of hospitality is bright at Hiltonworld-class brands. Dedicated to filling the earth with the light and warmth of hospitality, we have welcomed more than 3 billion guests in our more than 100-year history. Hilton is proud to have an award-winning workplace culture, and we are consistently named among one of the World’s Best Workplaces.

We support the mental and physical wellbeing of all Team Members, so they can Thrive, thanks to innovative programs and benefits such as workplace flexibility, career growth and development, and our Go Hilton travel discount program. Hilton prioritizes understanding and integrating our Team Members’ unique perspectives and voices—along with those of our Guests, Owners, Suppliers, and Partners—to cultivate a diverse and inclusive environment for all. Check out the Hilton Careers blog and Instagram to learn more about what it’s like to be on Team Hilton!

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We will ensure that qualified individuals with protected disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions of their role, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

Hilton offers its eligible team members a comprehensive benefits package including medical and prescription drug coverage, dental coverage, vision coverage, life insurance, short-and long-term disability insurance, a 401(k) savings plan, paid time off, and our travel discount. The salary for this role varies by applicable and specialized experience and location (Colorado & New York City applicants: Please click here for additional information). Subject to plan terms and conditions, you will be eligible to participate in the Development Bonus Plan consistent with other team members at the same level and/or position within the Company.

Work Locations

Hilton - Systems Solutions - McLean

Schedule

Full-time

Brand

Hilton Corporate

Shift

Day Job

Job Level

Manager

Job

Enterprise Architecture and Data



Meet the Team:

Hitachi Vantara Solution Architects are technical champions and evangelists who guide customers through their implementation of analytics and IoT solutions using Hitachi Vantara’s Lumada portfolio. These individuals are customer- and sales-oriented, are capable of independently developing sophisticated data integration and data catalog solutions, and present technical solutions to broad audiences. The right candidate for this position has a proven record of accomplishment as a consultant with superior technical skills, the ability to lead small teams and to manage strategic client relationships.


What you will be doing

    Coordinates technical sessions by providing detailed product architecture overviews and determining the customer's design, integration, and development plans
    Researches and resolves installation, configuration, deployment, and upgrade issues; acts as advocate for customer and liaison to Engineering, Product Management and Support organizations
    Assists with architecture, design, development, integration, performance tuning, rollout, support, and optimization of customer’s implementation of the Lumada portfolio
    Mentors customer's staff members in the use of Lumada technologies and best practices
    Coordinates delivery of onsite or remote consulting services that customer has purchased
    Creates high level solution designs, based on the strategic analysis of the customer’s environment and requirements
    Develops sample applications demonstrating the use of the Lumada portfolio's advanced functionality and APIs
    Identifies best practices and develops content for the Lumada knowledge base
    Participates in the onboarding and mentoring of other consultants
    Extends Hitachi Vantara software to adapt to customer environment via plugins, extension points and custom implementation.
    Raises issues, risks, and SOW change items immediately to Product Management or Engagement manager
    Completes project summary documents and conducts review with Engagement manager


What you will need (Qualifications)

    7+ years experience working with structured data/SQL engines including Postgres, MySQL, Oracle, SQL Server, Snowflake, Redshift
    7+ years experience in data modeling including ER-modeling, dimensional modeling, data lake, data vault, data mesh
    7+ years experience working with ETL/data integration frameworks including Pentaho, Talend, Informatica, SSIS/ADF, Apache Airflow
    5+ years experience working with unstructured data indexing and NoSQL data engines including ArangoDB, SOLR, MongoDB, Cassandra, Spark
    5+ years experience working with web and database application development tools, standards and languages including SQL, REST API’s, Java, JavaScript, Python, Go, HTML, CSS
    5+ years experience working with cloud deployment and management including AWS, GCP, Azure
    3-5 years experience working with DevOps/continuous integration/continuous deployment standards and tools including Ansible, Terraform, Chef, Puppet, Jenkins, Vagrant, Github, Maven
    3-5 years experience working with container deployment and management including Docker, OpenShift, Kubernetes
    3-5 years experience working with messaging protocols including MQTT, AMQP, Kafka
    B.A. or B.S degree 


Preferred Qualifications

    Open minded, comfortable working in heterogeneous situations
    Preference will be given to candidates with experience deploying IoT messaging protocols and container management expertise
    Superior listening, speaking, presentation and writing skills
    Self-directed with the ability to manage simultaneous engagements with minimal supervision
    Ability to set and manage client expectations and to negotiate appropriate resolutions to issues
    Ability to explain detailed solutions, technical benefits and integration points to management and technical audiences
    Preference will be given to candidates with prior professional services, consulting and/or pre-sales experience


Our Company

Hitachi Vantara is part of the Global Hitachi family. We balance innovation with an open, friendly culture and the backing of a long-established parent company, known for its ethical reputation. We guide customers from what’s now to what’s next by unlocking the value of their data and applications to solve their digital challenges, achieving outcomes that benefit both business and society.

Our people are our biggest asset, they drive our innovation advantage and we strive to offer a flexible and collaborative workplace where they can thrive. Diversity of thought is welcomed and our employee base is represented by several active Employee Resource Group communities. We offer industry leading benefits packages (flexible working, generous pension and private healthcare) and promote a creative and inclusive culture. If driving real change gives you a sense of pride and you are passionate about powering social good, we’d love to hear from you.


Our Values

We strive to create an inclusive environment for all and are open to considering home working, compressed/flexible hours and flexible arrangements. Get in touch with us to explore how we might be able to accommodate your specific needs.

We are proud to say we are an equal opportunity employer and welcome all applicants for employment without attention to race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. With Japanese roots going back over 100 years, our culture is founded on the values of our parent company expressed as the Hitachi Spirit:

Wa – Harmony, Trust, Respect

Makoto – Sincerity, Fairness, Honesty, Integrity

Kaitakusha-Seishin – Pioneering Spirit, Challenge
 Pie's mission is to empower small businesses to thrive by making commercial insurance affordable and as easy as pie. We leverage technology to transform how small businesses buy and experience commercial insurance—starting with workers’ compensation.


Like our small business customers, we are a diverse team of builders, dreamers, and entrepreneurs who are driven by core values and operating principles that guide every decision we make.


About The Opportunity


The Data Architecture Manager will be a key leader within the Data Engineering team responsible for overseeing the enterprise data modeling (designs) for Pie’s data and information, leveraging best practice principles for securing, storing, and reporting on business data. It will be the Data Architecture Manager’s responsibility to ensure data systems integrate well with data solutions, modeling, and analytics initiatives.


You will lead a team of data architects that is responsible for partnering and consulting with:


    Portfolio teams in all areas related to data design.
    Business teams to help them articulate their business questions and translate them into meaningful information structures.
    Data governance teams to understand & manage data assets.
    Platform security team to help assure security best practices are part of our data system designs.


This position requires a technical leader who is eager to drive a strong engineering vision and can scale the technology while fostering a collaborative, inclusive culture and should have an overall desire to help develop team members along their career path.


How You’ll Do It


    A hands-on leader who oversees data migrations, data governance initiatives, and data management and architecture projects
    Translates business requirements into technical specifications, including data streams, integrations, transformations, databases, and data warehouses
    Provides guidance to the data architecture team to successfully complete projects. Guidance includes – scoping business questions, data mining, statistical models, customer segmentation, pricing analytics and presentation of insights
    Ensures the team aligns with Pie and the Technology Team’s OKRs, adheres to proper unit and regression testing and coding standards
    Collaborates and coordinates with multiple departments, stakeholders, partners, and external vendors
    Leads efforts to build industry-standard data models for analysis and business consumption, and implements best-practices and procedures for datastore performance and scale across organization
    Designs modern architectures where raw data is transformed into high-performance information, and translates business needs into structure that fits the data/information flow within the organization


The Right Stuff


    Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Engineering, Economics, Computer Science, or related field with 6+ years of engineering experience, architecting and building high-performance and scalable data warehouses with an emphasis on modeling data for business consumption, and managing data privacy/governance
    3+ years of experience leading a technical team on deliverables and/or project functions/areas with a strong desire to mentor, coach, and develop engineers
    Knowledge of data engineering concepts: data schemas, blob storage, relational databases, ETL/ELT pipelines
    Solid understanding of data structures, query design, data modeling, and extensive experience with SQL across multiple platforms
    An understanding of next-generation data lakes with experience supporting both operational and analytical data stores
    An understanding of microservices architecture and the underlying data strategies associated (such as data mesh) to enable analytics at scale while eliminating data silos
    Apply a test-and-learn mindset to data architecture with experimentation of different components and concepts
    Ability to analyze business requirements in various business functional areas and translate them into conceptual, logical and physical data models
    Demonstrated ability to work with geographically distributed team members
    An understanding of the insurance industry and products is a plus


Base compensation range for position: $175,000 - $235,000


Compensation & Benefits


    Competitive cash compensation
    A piece of the pie (in the form of equity)
    Comprehensive health plans
    Generous PTO, including paid sick leave
    Future focused 401k match
    Generous parental and caregiver leave
    Our core values are more than just a poster on the wall; they’re tangibly reflected in our work 


Our goal is to make all aspects of working with us as easy as pie. That includes our offer process. When we’ve identified a talented individual who we’d like to be a Pie-oneer , we work hard to present an equitable and fair offer. We look at the candidate’s knowledge, skills, and experience, along with their compensation expectations and align that with our company equity processes to determine our offer ranges.


Each year Pie reviews company performance and may grant discretionary bonuses to eligible team members.


Location Information


Unless otherwise specified, this role has the option to be hybrid or remote. Hybrid work locations provide team members with the flexibility of working partially from our Denver or DC office and from home. Remote team members must live and work in the United States* (*territories excluded), and have access to reliable, high-speed internet.


Additional Information


Pie Insurance is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, disability, national or ethnic origin, military service status, citizenship, or other protected characteristic.


Pie Insurance participates in the E-Verify program. Please click here, here and here for more information.


Pie Insurance is committed to protecting your personal data. Please review our Privacy Policy.


Pie Insurance Announces $315 Million Series D Round of Funding


Built In Colorado honors Pie in its 2022 Best Places to Work Awards


Pie Insurance Named a Leading Place to Work in Colorado


Check out our great reviews from current and former employees on Glassdoor


#BI-REMOTE


Benefits found in job post

    Medical insurance
    401(k)
    Disability insurance



Overview

Job Description

The Sr. Solutions Architect is responsible for solution design and architecture for all data related initiatives. This includes architecting and delivering solutions using cloud Data platform technologies like Snowflake and AWS EMR etc. The solution architect role works closely with the analytics teams in various business units (eCommerce, Marketing, credit, retail, and Finance) and with various IT teams (infrastructure, network, security, development) to architect and design solutions for data related initiatives at Conn’s.

Key Duties & Responsibilities: The Sr. Solutions Architect’s responsibilities include, but are not limited to:

    Partner with business teams on Analytics and Data Science requirements for each of their areas and design the technical architecture for the data platform to enable the business vision
    Work closely with VP’s, Business, Program Directors, Project Managers, Data Scientist, Analyst and Engineers to meet their need for availability and accessibility of enterprise data
    Work with Sr. Director data engineering and business leaders and help build Technology, capabilities and strategy road maps for Analytics and Data Science
    Hands on architectural development and project management leadership for Conn’s analytics teams offshore
    Collaborate with leaders in IT and business to create the strategy and implementation of the Enterprise Data Governance Model for Analytics and Data
    Define and review SDLC and DevOps for Analytics and Data Science assets. Manage the implementation of associated tools and technologies
    Manage the cloud migration of big data platform at Conn’s
    Implement Enterprise Data Lake, operational data store – Architecture and Strategy using Snowflake as the operational and analytics data store
    Manage new development activities and support for Data related projects – CDP implementation
    Architect Enterprise and platform specific Logging and Monitoring Strategy, Design for data platform
    Be an Agile Champion, help with user training and adoption strategies, technical Project Management, and testing
    Review and Analyze business requirements and design solutions for major data analytics projects, and enhancements
    Provide subject matter expertise, effort estimates, impact assessment and technical architecture guidance to a group of data engineers, project managers and business analysts for various project
    Provide technical solutions and perform code review as necessary for data related projects
    Research and evaluate new tools and technologies that are relevant to Conn’s
    Lead or participate in proof of concepts for new technologies
    Review and provide inputs on deployment and code migration documents before implementation of the solution
    Work with IT leadership to align priorities, manage expectations and ownership of technical deliverables
    Document coding standards, data architecture, technical design and upload them in Confluence 

Required Experience

    Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, information systems or related fields or 10 plus years of work experience in IT with at least 5 years in data and architecture preferred.\
    10+ years technology experience with hands-on development experience
    3+ years of experience in leading teams at multiple locations including US and offshore
    3 + year of Experience in design and architecture in Data analytics area
    Strong Technical knowledge of one or more of big data and data analytics related tools and technologies is a must - Primary Technology Stack: Hive, Snowflake, SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQL, RESTful Services, Java, C#, Python, R, Spark, Scala, SSIS, Tomcat, React.js, Qlik, QlikView/Tableau/Powerbase, TS etc. Jenkins, Git, Bamboo, Bitbucket, Fivetran, Matillion
    This role is expected to have hands on skills and experience in data architecture, data modeling, data engineering and programming languages like Python, SQL etc. 

Preferred Experience

    Knowledge of technologies and business processes for the Retail or consumer finance industry a plus 

Skills & Abilities

    Strong presentation skills, especially in delivering key messages to senior leadership and cross-functional teams
    Able to lead complex technical discussions with developers and, building consensus and creating project plans
    Competence in working with Program Management, doing capacity planning, and project roadmaps. PMP certification or any other relevant project management certification is a plus
    Strong teamwork & collaboration skills
    Demonstrated ability to be a positive change agent in the organization
    Strong people management and ability to influence others 

Conn’s History

Conn’s established in 1890 is a specialty retailer with approximately 4,500 employees and currently operating 130 retail locations in Alabama, Arizona, Colorado, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, Nevada, New Mexico, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia. The Company’s primary product categories include:

    Furniture and mattress, including furniture and related accessories for the living room, dining room and bedroom, as well as both traditional and specialty mattresses;
    Home appliances, including refrigerators, freezers, washers, dryers, dishwashers and ranges;
    Consumer electronics, including LED, OLED, QLED, 4K Ultra HD, and smart televisions, gaming products and home theater and portable audio equipment; and
    Home office, including computers, printers and accessories.

Additionally, Conn’s offers a variety of products on a seasonal basis. Unlike many of its competitors, Conn’s provides flexible in-house credit options for its customers in addition to third-party financing programs and third-party lease-to-own payment plans. Our mission is to make it possible for everyone to purchase quality, long lasting products for their home.

Conn’s HomePlus is an equal opportunity employer.
Featured benefits

    Medical insurance
    Vision insurance
    Dental insurance
    401(k)
    Paid maternity leave 
	

About Us

The Kraft Heinz Company is one of the largest food and beverage companies in the world, with eight $1 billion+ brands and global sales of approximately $25 billion. We’re a globally trusted producer of high-quality, great-tasting, and nutritious foods for over 150 years. Our brands are truly global, with products produced and marketed in over 40 countries. These beloved products include condiments and sauces, cheese and dairy, meals, meats, refreshment beverages, coffee, infant and nutrition products, and numerous other grocery products in a portfolio of more than 200 legacy and emerging brands.

No matter the brand, we’re united under one vision: To sustainably grow by delighting more consumers globally. Bringing this vision to life is our team of 39,000+ food lovers, creative thinkers, and high performers worldwide. Together, we help provide meals to those in need through our global partnership with Rise Against Hunger. We also stand committed to responsible, sustainable practices that extend to every facet of our business, our consumers, and our communities. Every day, we’re transforming the food industry with bold thinking and unprecedented results. If you share our passion – and are ready to create the future, build a legacy, and lead as a global citizen – there’s only one thing to do: join our table and let’s make life delicious!

Our Culture of Ownership, Meritocracy & Collaboration

We're not afraid to think differently. Embrace new ideas. Dream big. We empower our people at every level – from entry-level intern to senior leader – to own their work. We share a responsibility to think like Owners – to be mindful of the collective and sustained success of Kraft Heinz – which we apply to every situation, every day. As part of Kraft Heinz, you're supported to grow and achieve. You’re expected to bring your authentic self to work every day, to lead with humility, and drive outstanding performance at every level – and you’ll be rewarded. You’re given opportunities to leave a mark and build a legacy. But you won’t do it alone. You’re supported by passionate teammates along the way, and our collective, collaborative spirit fuels our incredible progress.

Job Description

Position Summary

The Kraft Heinz Information Technology organization is hiring an Associate Director who will be responsible for implementing the short and long-term strategies to enable the Data Engineering organization. The individual for this position will be a technical expert providing leadership and expertise in the areas of data architecture, data management, data quality, data governance, and data engineering. They will manage internal stakeholders, facilitate the development and training of data engineers within the Chapter, as well as provide hands-on design and development of platform capabilities.

Primary Responsibilities

Develop and operate modern data architecture approaches to meet key business objectives and provide end-to-end data solutions

Lead the development and training of all internal and external data engineering resources

Build generic frameworks for data ingestion, data processing, and data integrations

Enforces best practices for software design, architecture, and implementation

Implements monitoring tools/processes to ensure platform stability and operational SLAs

Extends DevOps capabilities for deploying data solutions

Leads rollout of data governance & security systems

Supports creation and adoption of data assets for the organization

Works with senior executives to address or prevent common pitfalls

Acts as a data owner and functional data SME for the assigned area

Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree or higher in Computer Science, Statistics, Business, Information Technology, or related field (Master’s degree preferred)

Minimum 5+ years of experience in role delivering and supporting software and data engineering capabilities.

Strong design and software programming development (preferably Python, Javascript and/or R)

Strong experience with cloud services within Azure, AWS, or GCP platforms (preferably Azure)

Experience building APIs (experience with GraphQL is a plus)

Experience with analytical tools (preferably SQL, dbt, Snowflake, BigQuery, Tableau)

Hands-on experience with DevOps and CI/CD processes

Project management experience and strong communication skills

Self-Starter, driven with high business process acumen

Team Player with a positive attitude and ability to work across different business stakeholder and technical teams to accomplish complex tasks

Domain Expertise

5+ years of working building enterprise data solutions

Proven ability to develop and deploy frameworks that can be leveraged across the data practice using services provided by major cloud platforms.

Proven experience creating data assets used in mission critical applications

Proven experience using DevOps practices in the data space (DevOps tools and ARM/Terraform templates).

Expert in Agile methodologies (certifications preferred)

Experiences

Experience in leading and managing cross functional teams.

Expert at developing data engineering talent and managing remote teams (internal and external)

Expert in the application of cloud technologies into a DataOps practice

Individual Skills

Strong leader, collaborator, team player, and individual contributor

Strong communication skills with comfort in speaking with business stakeholders

Strong problem solver with ability to manage and lead the team to push the solution and drive progress

Mindset & Behaviors

Passion to challenge the status quo and find new solutions and drive out of the box ideas – loves and embraces change

Believes in a non-hierarchical culture of collaboration, transparency, safety, and trust

Not afraid to “roll up sleeves”; seeks to go beyond comfort to learn & pushes teams to do the same

Empowers others to fail, learn, and grow with an experimental mindset to drive innovation

 UnitedHealthcare is a company that's on the rise. We're expanding in multiple directions, across borders and, most of all, in the way we think. Here, innovation isn't about another gadget, it's about transforming the health care industry. Ready to make a difference? Make yourself at home with us and start doing your life's best work.(sm)

UnitedHealthcare Medicare & Retirement is the largest business dedicated to the health and wellbeing needs of seniors and other Medicare beneficiaries. For more than three decades, UnitedHealthcare has served the health care coverage needs of Medicare beneficiaries, navigating through multiple evolutions of the Medicare program and growing to become the preferred choice of more beneficiaries than any other company.

You’ll enjoy the flexibility to work remotely * from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.

Primary Responsibilities

    Lead the team that maintains and creates data processes for Medicare and Retirement (M&R) and Community and State (C&S) government programs. This includes data ingestion, transforming, delivery and visualizations
    Lead a data engineering and Business Intelligence team that creates and maintains data architecture to support technology implementation of highly complex clinical-based data projects for M&R and C&S government programs
    Serves as a leader and key contributor in defining and leading the strategic direction of Business Intelligence Solutions
    Gather requirement specifications from business stakeholders and offer guidance on architecture and technology implementation
    Work concurrently on several projects, each that may differ from project to project
    Respond to business leaders and stakeholders on inquiries and issues
    Document, discuss and resolve business, data, and reporting issues within the team, across functional teams, and with business stakeholders
    Continually look for ways to eliminate/reduce, streamline, automate and optimize

You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.

Required Qualifications

    Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience
    5+ years of experience in Data Engineering
    3+ years of relational database experience
    1+ years SSIS ETL tool experience
    1+ years working with Cloud technologies; cloud transformation, data movement and CI/CD tools
    1+ years of proven experience and knowledge of data architecture and building datasets with emphasis on sourcing, transformation, and analytics

Preferred Qualifications

    3+ years in a people leader role managing teams that build data pipelines and dashboards
    1+ years of experience with Agile/Scrum project management methodology and Agile tools (e.g., Rally)
    Experience developing solutions with Tableau, Power BI and/or SSRS
    Full COVID-19 vaccination is an essential job function of this role. Candidates located in states that mandate COVID-19 booster doses must also comply with those state requirements. UnitedHealth Group will adhere to all federal, state and local regulations as well as all client requirements and will obtain necessary proof of vaccination, and boosters when applicable, prior to employment to ensure compliance. Candidates must be able to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation

To protect the health and safety of our workforce, patients and communities we serve, UnitedHealth Group and its affiliate companies require all employees to disclose COVID-19 vaccination status prior to beginning employment. In addition, some roles and locations require full COVID-19 vaccination, including boosters, as an essential job function. UnitedHealth Group adheres to all federal, state and local COVID-19 vaccination regulations as well as all client COVID-19 vaccination requirements and will obtain the necessary information from candidates prior to employment to ensure compliance. Candidates must be able to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation. Failure to meet the vaccination requirement may result in rescission of an employment offer or termination of employment.

Careers at UnitedHealthcare Medicare & Retirement. The Boomer generation is the fastest growing market segment in health care. And we are the largest business in the nation dedicated to serving their unique health and well-being needs. Up for the challenge of a lifetime? Join a team of the best and the brightest to find bold new ways to proactively improve the health and quality of life of these 9 million customers. You'll find a wealth of dynamic opportunities to grow and develop as we work together to heal and strengthen our health care system. Ready? It's time to do your life's best work.(sm)

    All employees working remotely will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy.

Colorado, Connecticut or Nevada Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado/Connecticut/Nevada residents is $97,300 to $176,900. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, UnitedHealth Group offers benefits such as, a comprehensive benefits package, incentive and recognition programs, equity stock purchase and 401k contribution (all benefits are subject to eligibility requirements). No matter where or when you begin a career with UnitedHealth Group, you’ll find a far-reaching choice of benefits and incentives.

Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.

UnitedHealth Group is a drug - free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.

Piper Companies is seeking a Remote Director of Data Architecture for a growing technology driven organization. They are looking for leaders who can help in modernizing data platforms. Architecting data platforms in AWS. Coming up with the reference architecture to help teams migrate to cloud. Prefer the person must sit in NC, TX, VA, MA. Must be able to physically go into the office 3 times a month.


Responsibilities for the Remote Director of Data Architecture include:


    Architecting and designing next generation data products and platforms.
    Exploring new technology trends and leveraging them to modernize our data ecosystem.
    Ability to collaborate and partner with business domain leads, product owners, enterprise architects, solution architects and other functional leads to deliver world class data solutions.
    Driving Innovation and guiding the teams to implement solutions with future thinking. 


Requirements for the Remote Director of Data Architecture include:


    This role requires 5+ years of data solution architecture experience.
    Experience in scalable data applications in cloud, preferably AWS.
    Knowledge and experience in architecting and designing modern data integration patterns for high volume transactional and analytics data platforms
    Experience with DevOps, Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery technologies is desirable.
    Experience in data modeling both normalized and star schemas
    Bachelor’s Degree and/or relevant work experience


Compensation of the Remote Director of Data Architecture includes:


    $110,000 - $170,000 annually with a full comprehensive benefits
    Remote and must be a US/GC


Keywords: Data Architecture, Director, DevOps, CI/CD. AWS, data modeling, OOP, Java, Python, data solution architecture,

Invitation Homes is nation’s premier home leasing company, pioneering a new industry supported by advanced and robust technology solutions to enhance the resident experience Weare looking for innovative , dynamic individuals who are passionate about building business focused technology solutions using best of the breed tech stacks and take the platform to the next level.


The role of Director of Enterprise Information Architect (EIA) will provide architectural guidance and technological recommendations to support the development and implementation of cloud native data and analytics initiatives. leading The Information Architect will also be responsible for interacting with and influence all areas of technology, including the application, infrastructure and data warehouse teams and work closely with the business stakeholders to align the data architecture capabilities to support business strategy.


You will be on the forefront of helping to define our next-generation data and analytics platform as we build the next wave of technologies that will drive our resident experience to the next level. If you are motivated, passionate, a quick learner, and have outstanding communication skills, this role is waiting for you!


Essential Job Duties And Responsibilities


    Ownership of defining, documenting and operating overall data strategy, including schema definitions, system contracts, security, compliance and SLAs
    Evangelize data strategy among stakeholders such as business users and various data teams through design, documentation, review and cross team negotiations to support strategic business and technology goals
    Build and lead a cross cutting team responsible for operational excellence of data platform including change management process, SDLC and CICD
    Own and implement technical roadmap for continuous improvement of data platform, including tech stack upgrade, cost optimization and compliance requirements.
    Own and operate automated operational test cases for performance, security and reliability of data platform
    Responsible for growing and inspiring a team of engineers through a combination of coaching, mentoring, feedback, and hands-on career development
    Cultivate a healthy, collaborative technology culture that is in line with company values


Education and/or Experience


    Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Sciences or equivalent work experience
    12+ years of hands-on experience working in enterprise-scale data warehousing, data architecture, and/or data engineering environments
    5+ years working as an Enterprise Architect with a good understanding of Enterprise Architecture as a practice
    5+ years of designing, implementing, and building pipelines (ELT/ETL) that deliver data with measurable quality under the SLA
    5+ years of SQL (MSSQL, Snowflake, AWS Redshift, Hive, etc.) experience is required
    5+ years of hands-on data modeling experience, especially dimensional data modeling
    Must have knowledge of one or more of Data visualization tools such as Tableau, Power BI, SSRS, SSAS or other
    Strong understanding of core infrastructure components (servers, network, storage)
    Experience with Enterprise Data Governance, Big Data Solutions, Master data management, Data Privacy and Security, Machine Learning, and Data Pipeline Operations
    Strong understanding and experience building ELT/ETL solutions for both structured and unstructured data sets


Skills/Specialized Knowledge


    Excellent communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills
    Ability to thrive under pressure and function effectively in a fast-paced work environment
    Exhibit sound judgment and swift decision-making skills
    Exhibit strong attention to detail and accuracy
    Ability to collaborate and build consensus with others
    Love of technology; actively seeks continuing education of current and emerging technologies
    Experience with building analytic solutions applicable to Sales, Finance, Product, Operations, and Marketing organizations in an enterprise
    Experience implementing operational best practices such as monitoring, alerting, metadata management
    Experience managing, measuring, improving data quality in a data warehouse
    Communication skills including the ability to identify and communicate data-driven insights
    Experience working in agile development environment
    Experience working with Salesforce and Yardi in real estate domain highly desirable
    Experience working with cloud providers, both on the IAAS side (AWS, Azure, GCP), and in the data and analytics space (Snowflake, etc). We run our infrastructure in AWS, so experience with that ecosystem is a huge plus
    Experience in working in large teams using CI/CD and agile methodologies


Invitation Homes is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a diverse, inclusive and innovative environment with the best associates. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, Veteran status or any other factor protected by applicable federal, state or local law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at humanresources@invitationhomes.com.


To all recruitment agencies: Invitation Homes does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Invitation Homes employees. Invitation Homes is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
    The location for this position is virtual/remote ***

From smartphone capabilities like Digital Key to Hilton Connected Room that allow for integrated entertainment, temperature, and lighting controls, Hilton’s Global Technology team is responsible for creating the hospitality experience of the future – for our guests, owners, and Team Members. Through innovative technology development and deployment, this team ensures Hilton has the technology needed to support our continued global growth while remaining at the forefront of hospitality technology innovation.

What will I be doing?

As a Lead in Data Management, you will participate in all aspects of the development and delivery of data projects and releases to support business goals and plans for Hilton. You will directly collaborate with business users, vendors, and support teams to identify and provide creative solutions in response to business concepts and questions to ensure data assets are delivered to a suitable standard. You will work closely with members of the Enterprise Architecture Data (EAD) Team and Analytics to establish priorities, collect requirements, complete profiling and analysis, and schedule releases. You will bring a strong functional and technical background to help represent functional requirements. You will also partner with the data engineering, business teams, and vendors to implement and deliver integrated solutions.

More Specifically, You Will

    Work with key partners and resources, structuring data management activities of projects so objectives are accomplished and to understand business requirements and implementation and delivery of data solutions
    Ability to understand business strategy, objectives, and goals of the team and be able to effectively engage in dialogues and supply team and leaders with applicable content
    Disseminate, organize, and communicate regarding assignments and projects within the department/data management team
    Evaluate and streamline data management framework processes to improve efficiency and effectiveness within the team
    Develop and maintain documentation on data assets to include, development of clear business requirements, define and maintain metadata of data assets across domains in a logically structured and easily understandable format
    Ensure data implementation projects are completed in accordance with the data strategy and architecture requirements
    Complete key data analysis tasks to include, data profiling, source to target mapping, and development of Data Quality rules for ingestion and enhancement of data assets
    Create, coordinate and complete key testing plans and activities during the data development lifecycle to ensure data assets meet business requirements and are ready for deployment
    Support ongoing maintenance of data assets by performing in depth analysis and resolve root causes of incidents
    Create and update support documentation and review of work product
    Effectively integrate, contribute and overlap with other functions within Enterprise Data Architecture Team
    Work with the Technical teams and business stakeholders to articulate tasks, risks, dependencies, and data mitigation plans
    Establish work priorities and achieve management objectives

What are we looking for?

Success in this role will demonstrate itself through the following attributes and skills:

    Ability to prioritize work needs based on importance and impact to the business.
    Building partnerships and trust by working closely across business and technical teams.
    Have high energy, passion, and commitment to deadlines.
    Consistently achieving results, even under tough circumstances.
    Relate openly and comfortably with diverse groups of people.
    Communication – Flexible and effective verbal and written communication Confident in communicating with partners at multiple levels with ease, clarity, and transparency: one-to-one, small group, full staff, email, etc.
    Strong problem-solving skills and analytical thinking. Ability to understand and derive insights and contexts from data and understand how data can be used to derive valuable business insights and analytic outputs. Experience with analyzing patterns, anomalies, and trends.
    Great attention to detail: achieve thoroughness and accuracy in work outputs
    Open and willing to learn, be mentored, and improve

To fulfill this role successfully, you should demonstrate the following minimum qualifications:

    Ten (10) years of professional experience in Technology or related field
    Experience with Agile methodologies, specifically requirements definition, and testing
    Ability to work through ambiguity and maintain task focus towards delivery with little/no supervision is key
    Strong hands-on experience and working knowledge with SQL

It would be useful in this position for you to demonstrate the following capabilities and distinctions:

    Bachelor’s Degree, or Associate’s Degree plus 6+ years of Technology related experience, or High School Degree/GED plus 12+ years of Technology related experience
    Twelve (12) + years of professional experience in Technology or related field
    Knowledge of Hadoop, Hive, Presto, AWS platform, Redshift preferred

What is it like working for Hilton?

The future of hospitality is bright at Hiltonworld-class brands. Dedicated to filling the earth with the light and warmth of hospitality, we have welcomed more than 3 billion guests in our more than 100-year history. Hilton is proud to have an award-winning workplace culture, and we are consistently named among one of the World’s Best Workplaces.

We support the mental and physical wellbeing of all Team Members, so they can Thrive, thanks to innovative programs and benefits such as workplace flexibility, career growth and development, and our Go Hilton travel discount program. Hilton prioritizes understanding and integrating our Team Members’ unique perspectives and voices—along with those of our Guests, Owners, Suppliers, and Partners—to cultivate a diverse and inclusive environment for all. Check out the Hilton Careers blog and Instagram to learn more about what it’s like to be on Team Hilton!

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We will ensure that qualified individuals with protected disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions of their role, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

Hilton offers its eligible team members a comprehensive benefits package including medical and prescription drug coverage, dental coverage, vision coverage, life insurance, short-and long-term disability insurance, a 401(k) savings plan, paid time off, and our travel discount. The salary for this role varies by applicable and specialized experience and location (Colorado & New York City applicants: Please click here for additional information). Subject to plan terms and conditions, you will be eligible to participate in the Development Bonus Plan consistent with other team members at the same level and/or position within the Company.

Work Locations

Hilton - Systems Solutions - McLean

Schedule

Full-time

Brand

Hilton Corporate

Shift

Day Job

Job Level

Manager

Job

Enterprise Architecture and Data

Invitation Homes is nation’s premier home leasing company, pioneering a new industry supported by advanced and robust technology solutions to enhance the resident experience Weare looking for innovative , dynamic individuals who are passionate about building business focused technology solutions using best of the breed tech stacks and take the platform to the next level.


The role of Director of Enterprise Information Architect (EIA) will provide architectural guidance and technological recommendations to support the development and implementation of cloud native data and analytics initiatives. leading The Information Architect will also be responsible for interacting with and influence all areas of technology, including the application, infrastructure and data warehouse teams and work closely with the business stakeholders to align the data architecture capabilities to support business strategy.


You will be on the forefront of helping to define our next-generation data and analytics platform as we build the next wave of technologies that will drive our resident experience to the next level. If you are motivated, passionate, a quick learner, and have outstanding communication skills, this role is waiting for you!


Essential Job Duties And Responsibilities


    Ownership of defining, documenting and operating overall data strategy, including schema definitions, system contracts, security, compliance and SLAs
    Evangelize data strategy among stakeholders such as business users and various data teams through design, documentation, review and cross team negotiations to support strategic business and technology goals
    Build and lead a cross cutting team responsible for operational excellence of data platform including change management process, SDLC and CICD
    Own and implement technical roadmap for continuous improvement of data platform, including tech stack upgrade, cost optimization and compliance requirements.
    Own and operate automated operational test cases for performance, security and reliability of data platform
    Responsible for growing and inspiring a team of engineers through a combination of coaching, mentoring, feedback, and hands-on career development
    Cultivate a healthy, collaborative technology culture that is in line with company values


Education and/or Experience


    Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Sciences or equivalent work experience
    12+ years of hands-on experience working in enterprise-scale data warehousing, data architecture, and/or data engineering environments
    5+ years working as an Enterprise Architect with a good understanding of Enterprise Architecture as a practice
    5+ years of designing, implementing, and building pipelines (ELT/ETL) that deliver data with measurable quality under the SLA
    5+ years of SQL (MSSQL, Snowflake, AWS Redshift, Hive, etc.) experience is required
    5+ years of hands-on data modeling experience, especially dimensional data modeling
    Must have knowledge of one or more of Data visualization tools such as Tableau, Power BI, SSRS, SSAS or other
    Strong understanding of core infrastructure components (servers, network, storage)
    Experience with Enterprise Data Governance, Big Data Solutions, Master data management, Data Privacy and Security, Machine Learning, and Data Pipeline Operations
    Strong understanding and experience building ELT/ETL solutions for both structured and unstructured data sets


Skills/Specialized Knowledge


    Excellent communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills
    Ability to thrive under pressure and function effectively in a fast-paced work environment
    Exhibit sound judgment and swift decision-making skills
    Exhibit strong attention to detail and accuracy
    Ability to collaborate and build consensus with others
    Love of technology; actively seeks continuing education of current and emerging technologies
    Experience with building analytic solutions applicable to Sales, Finance, Product, Operations, and Marketing organizations in an enterprise
    Experience implementing operational best practices such as monitoring, alerting, metadata management
    Experience managing, measuring, improving data quality in a data warehouse
    Communication skills including the ability to identify and communicate data-driven insights
    Experience working in agile development environment
    Experience working with Salesforce and Yardi in real estate domain highly desirable
    Experience working with cloud providers, both on the IAAS side (AWS, Azure, GCP), and in the data and analytics space (Snowflake, etc). We run our infrastructure in AWS, so experience with that ecosystem is a huge plus
    Experience in working in large teams using CI/CD and agile methodologies


Invitation Homes is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a diverse, inclusive and innovative environment with the best associates. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, Veteran status or any other factor protected by applicable federal, state or local law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at humanresources@invitationhomes.com.


To all recruitment agencies: Invitation Homes does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Invitation Homes employees. Invitation Homes is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.

Race Forward's mission is to catalyze movement building for racial justice. In partnership with communities, organizations, and sectors, we build strategies to advance racial justice in our policies, institutions, and culture. Race Forward imagines a just, multiracial democratic society free from oppression and exploitation, in which people of color thrive with power and purpose.

Since 1981, Race Forward has brought a systemic analysis and an innovative approach to complex race issues to help people take effective action toward racial equity. In 2017 Race Forward united with the Center for Social Inclusion to become the new Race Forward.

Employment at Race Forward is contingent upon a new employee submitting on their start date: (1) proof they are up-to-date on their vaccinations; or (2) an application for an approved exemption as an accommodation due to: (i) a medical reason; (ii) a sincerely held religious belief; or (iii) other exemption recognized by applicable state law. Up-to-date means a person has received all recommended COVID-19 vaccines. Employees may request an accommodation in good faith without fear of retaliation. Accommodations will be granted where they do not cause Race Forward an undue hardship, pose a direct threat to the health and safety of others, or prevent an employee from performing the essential functions of the employee's job. Exemption application forms are available from Human Resources at hrsupport@raceforward.org.

Position Summary

The Director of Technology - Data will work with the VP of Technology and serve as Race Forward's data steward, and will lead the team that supports multiple databases, CRM, and integrated platforms. This role will support the programmatic and fundraising work of the organization, work with the VP of Technology to establish and execute the data management vision for the organization, and mentor junior staff.

Duties and Responsibilities

    Architecture and Data Management Leadership
    Lead effort to maintain and update Race Forward's data architecture encompassing:
    Master data management
    Data governance
    Data quality
    Data security
    Data maintenance/administration
    Data visualization
    Manage staff and vendors - including training, setting and communicating expectations and monitoring progress
    Work in partnership with other Technology team members, external consultants, and internal stakeholders to
    Lead new data integration and infrastructure projects
    Determine and implement solutions to data problems
    Identify new replacement solutions, gather business requirements, and lead the implementation of new solutions
    Develop, maintain and document
    ETL and process flows
    Data infrastructure
    Standard operating procedures
    Data Policies
    User training
    Manage onboarding and offboarding of staffers and contractors
    Strategy
    Provide strategic leadership across multiple business functions (with a primary focus on Race Forward data assets)
    Partners with the VP and the other IT leaders by leading the data management strategy and execution
    Work closely across multiple business functions to identify their data and support needs in the short and long term
    Identify potential risks, problems, and concerns, but also identify potential solutions or corrective actions

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: To perform successfully in this role, incumbent should possess skills identified below:

    Deep expertise in Salesforce and have a Salesforce Admin or Developer certification
    Systems thinker and process-oriented
    Excellent attention to detail with the ability to switch between big picture strategic thinking and day-to-day operations
    Able to explain complex technical problems and solutions to a lay audience
    Collaborative, communicative, and organized team player
    Strong people management skills
    Strong project management skills
    Project Management
    Ability to prioritize tasks
    Planning, monitoring, and execution
    Able to adjust and course correct as needed
    Budget planning
    Financial and organizational skills
    Strong negotiation skills
    Organized and detail-oriented
    Excellent problem solving and analytical skills
    Must embrace the principles of workplace justice, diversity and inclusion and apply them to day-to-day work.
    Based in or near New York City or Oakland preferred but not required

Qualifications and Experience

5-8 years of Salesforce management experience

Additional Information

    May require travel up to 25% of the time
    Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer.
    Must be able to lift 15 pounds at times.

How to Apply

External Applicants: To apply for this position, please click the link below. To ensure full consideration, please be sure to include both a cover letter and resume with your application.

https://raceforward.isolvedhire.com/jobs/

Reasonable Accommodation Statement

Race Forward is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. In keeping with our commitment, Race Forward will take the steps to assure that people with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations. Accordingly, if reasonable accommodation is required to fully participate in the job application or interview process, to perform the essential functions of the position, and/or to receive all other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact Human Resources at HRSupport@RaceForward.org.

EEO Statement

Race Forward provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

Blattner is an industry leader and pioneer in renewable energy providing collaborative construction solutions, expertise in power generation and delivering certainty beyond the finished product. The corporate office professional staff proudly support and lead the remarkable wind energy, solar energy, energy storage and power delivery construction across the nation.


Join our team where you’re a part of something bigger. When you work with Blattner, you make a direct contribution to building more than renewable energy – you help build a better world. Employees at Blattner enjoy a working environment of innovation, genuine curiosity, and appreciation.


This position can be hybrid or remote with the expectation of traveling to the corporate office on a monthly basis.


Education Requirements: Bachelor’s degree; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.


Experience: Minimum of 10 years of relevant work experience in data governance, data quality management, information architecture, and governance design and implementation, with significant influence on overall direction of data governance management. 5 years previous leadership experience required.


Position Summary: Designs, develops, implements, and promotes awareness of Blattner’s enterprise-wide data governance-related framework, policies, processes, and procedures. Ensures Blattner’s compliance with all data governance regulatory guidelines and laws (privacy, retention, security). Supports data governance in all aspects including policy development and management, training (on-line and in-person), and coordination of data governance-related communications.


Essential Job Functions

    Manages an enterprise-wide data governance framework and supports development and maintenance of end-to-end data lifecycle management.
    Analyzes, develops, and updates existing data governance related policies, processes, procedures, and related documentation.
    Builds data governance program and processes to promote accessibility of policies to employees and relevant third parties, making them searchable, comprehensible, and actionable.
    Defines roles and responsibilities related to data governance and ensures clear accountability for stewardship of the company’s principal information assets.
    Establishes data steward, custodian, and owner groups as required and facilitates implementation and management of various operational components of the data program.
    Manages the application and deployment of data policies and processes and their continued enforcement.
    Develops and maintains inventory of the enterprise information maps, including authoritative systems and owners.
    Facilitates implementation and management of data retention requirements and partners with stakeholders to ensure implementation.
    Implements and enforces Blattner’s privacy strategy, including policies, procedures, and initiatives and ensures all business and data management processes reflect privacy requirements and comply with laws and regulations through monitoring, auditing, and remediation.
    Builds and manages a data governance team and required skillsets within the organization, creates and leads the data governance committee and operationalizes data governance and management procedures across the enterprise.
    Ensures compliance with all regulatory guidelines by researching industry regulations and evaluate internal procedural compliance.
    Routinely communicates data governance related policies, projects, and initiatives internally and coordinates user training on data governance resources.
    Assesses program effectiveness on an ongoing basis maintaining a recordkeeping system.
    Promotes general data governance awareness in an engaging and approachable manner.
    Researches benchmarking data and provide analysis to the team.


Additional Job Functions

    Identifies opportunities for streamlining work and reducing waste in order to improve efficiency.
    Assists with special projects as needed.
    Perform other duties and supports miscellaneous requests as needed per supervisor’s discretion.


Knowledge, Skills and Abilities

    Demonstrated experience in developing and operationalizing data-based guidelines, policies, procedures, and standards.
    Understanding of data privacy and regulatory aspects of data governance and operational compliance, such as individual rights management, sensitive data handling, and retention management.
    Knowledge of data governance and privacy legal framework and best practices.
    Demonstrated experience with large-scale data or project management and building cross-functional relationships to drive the adoption of organizational change.
    Effectively communicate legal issues both orally and in writing.
    Proficient in Microsoft Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook).
    Well organized and detail oriented.
    Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, multi-task, prioritize, and manage time effectively.
    Ability to work under pressure and adhere to deadlines.
    Passionate, professional, and client orientated.
    Strong interpersonal skills.
    Demonstrates a high level of professionalism when dealing with confidential and sensitive issues.
	
	 Specialty/Competency: IFS - Information Technology (IT)


Industry/Sector: Not Applicable


Time Type: Full time


Travel Requirements: Up to 20%


A career in Products and Technology is an opportunity to bring PwC's strategy to life by driving products and technology into everything we deliver. Our clients expect us to bring the right people and the right technology to solve their biggest problems; Products and Technology is here to help PwC meet that challenge and accelerate the growth of our business. We have skilled technologists, data scientists, product managers and business strategists who are using technology to accelerate change. Our team works with well structured data sources to understand the underlying data through exploration, answer specific domain questions or perform analysis related to those questions. They produce dashboards/visualizations and reports to explain and support findings, integrate data from multiple sources to produce requested or required data elements and develop data cleansing routines to standardize “messy” data or to align new data feeds to existing and expected formats and values. Data Analytics includes filing datasets to understand the data prior to utilizing it in downstream analytics, tools, dashboards and products, having a continuous eye for automating existing reporting and analysis and communicating insights and findings to business stakeholders.


To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.


Responsibilities


PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to


As a Senior Manager, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution.


    Encourage everyone to have a voice and invite opinion from all, including quieter members of the team.
    Deal effectively with ambiguous and unstructured problems and situations.
    Initiate open and candid coaching conversations at all levels.
    Move easily between big picture thinking and managing relevant detail.
    Anticipate stakeholder needs, and develop and discuss potential solutions, even before the stakeholder realises they are required.
    Contribute technical knowledge in area of specialism.
    Contribute to an environment where people and technology thrive together to accomplish more than they could apart.
    Navigate the complexities of cross-border and/or diverse teams and engagements.
    Initiate and lead open conversations with teams, clients and stakeholders to build trust.
    Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.


Data analysts work with well-structured data sources to explore data and answer specific questions through analysis. They produce dashboards to explain and support findings, automate reporting and analysis, and communicate findings to business stakeholders.


Basic Qualifications


Job Requirements and Preferences:


Minimum Degree Required


High School Diploma


Minimum Years Of Experience


6 year(s)


Degree Preferred


Preferred Qualifications:


Bachelor Degree


Preferred Knowledge/Skills


Demonstrates intimate abilities and/or a proven record of success as a team leader in the following areas:


    Conducting detailed analyses to create tangible insights that inform product, marketing and revenue strategy;
    Building and developing reports, dashboards, scorecards and/or analyses, working alongside leads, analysts and architects to deliver priority outcomes in alignment with the strategic roadmap;
    Presenting effective data-driven recommendations to a variety of technical and non-technical audiences;
    Engaging with various business units to frame, structure, and prioritize business problems;
    Managing the portfolio of work and partner with stakeholders on monthly governance activities;
    Assisting in the creation of documentation and version control relating to analysis, reporting and/or database structures;
    Creating and managing standards, processes, and procedures to ensure agile delivery and consistent operations;
    Identifying service and quality issues, and taking steps to remediate proactively;
    Partnering with data engineering teams on a robust, sustainable cloud-first big data architecture, data lake, data mart and other assorted reporting/distribution services;
    Partnering with data science teams to produce rich and bold insights as needed;
    Working in sprints on prioritized requirements and backlog items;
    Being able to shift quickly and work across multiple priorities;
    Demonstrating database management systems and SQL;
    Developing and configuring data visualization and business intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau, PowerBI, etc.);
    Scripting language (Python or other to automate data-related tasks);
    Demonstrating the ability to tell stories with data through the use of data visualization, dashboards and/or slides calling out key data insights;
    Demonstrating statistical modeling, applied mathematics or STEM;
    Demonstrating data querying, exploration and validation;
    Possessing highly effective oral and written communication skills with attention to detail;
    Convincing other all different personalities of their ideas and work with a large number of partners in solving a problem;
    Demonstrating the ability to synthesize data from multiple sources into a digestible format;
    Being capable of providing detailed requirements to technical and business teams for new data and reporting related requests;
    Identifying opportunities for process and system improvement by monitoring existing metrics, analyzing data and partnering with internal teams; and,
    Working in ambiguous situations and across organizational boundaries.


At PwC, our work model includes three ways of working: virtual, in-person, and flex (a hybrid of in-person and virtual). Visit the following link to learn more: https://pwc.to/ways-we-work.


PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.


All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.


For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.


For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradoproductstechseniormanager.


For positions in New York City, visit the following link for pay range information: https://pwc.to/payrange-a-productstechseniormanager




Meet the Team:

Hitachi Vantara Solution Architects are technical champions and evangelists who guide customers through their implementation of analytics and IoT solutions using Hitachi Vantara’s Lumada portfolio. These individuals are customer- and sales-oriented, are capable of independently developing sophisticated data integration and data catalog solutions, and present technical solutions to broad audiences. The right candidate for this position has a proven record of accomplishment as a consultant with superior technical skills, the ability to lead small teams and to manage strategic client relationships.


What you will be doing

    Coordinates technical sessions by providing detailed product architecture overviews and determining the customer's design, integration, and development plans
    Researches and resolves installation, configuration, deployment, and upgrade issues; acts as advocate for customer and liaison to Engineering, Product Management and Support organizations
    Assists with architecture, design, development, integration, performance tuning, rollout, support, and optimization of customer’s implementation of the Lumada portfolio
    Mentors customer's staff members in the use of Lumada technologies and best practices
    Coordinates delivery of onsite or remote consulting services that customer has purchased
    Creates high level solution designs, based on the strategic analysis of the customer’s environment and requirements
    Develops sample applications demonstrating the use of the Lumada portfolio's advanced functionality and APIs
    Identifies best practices and develops content for the Lumada knowledge base
    Participates in the onboarding and mentoring of other consultants
    Extends Hitachi Vantara software to adapt to customer environment via plugins, extension points and custom implementation.
    Raises issues, risks, and SOW change items immediately to Product Management or Engagement manager
    Completes project summary documents and conducts review with Engagement manager


What you will need (Qualifications)

    7+ years experience working with structured data/SQL engines including Postgres, MySQL, Oracle, SQL Server, Snowflake, Redshift
    7+ years experience in data modeling including ER-modeling, dimensional modeling, data lake, data vault, data mesh
    7+ years experience working with ETL/data integration frameworks including Pentaho, Talend, Informatica, SSIS/ADF, Apache Airflow
    5+ years experience working with unstructured data indexing and NoSQL data engines including ArangoDB, SOLR, MongoDB, Cassandra, Spark
    5+ years experience working with web and database application development tools, standards and languages including SQL, REST API’s, Java, JavaScript, Python, Go, HTML, CSS
    5+ years experience working with cloud deployment and management including AWS, GCP, Azure
    3-5 years experience working with DevOps/continuous integration/continuous deployment standards and tools including Ansible, Terraform, Chef, Puppet, Jenkins, Vagrant, Github, Maven
    3-5 years experience working with container deployment and management including Docker, OpenShift, Kubernetes
    3-5 years experience working with messaging protocols including MQTT, AMQP, Kafka
    B.A. or B.S degree 


Preferred Qualifications

    Open minded, comfortable working in heterogeneous situations
    Preference will be given to candidates with experience deploying IoT messaging protocols and container management expertise
    Superior listening, speaking, presentation and writing skills
    Self-directed with the ability to manage simultaneous engagements with minimal supervision
    Ability to set and manage client expectations and to negotiate appropriate resolutions to issues
    Ability to explain detailed solutions, technical benefits and integration points to management and technical audiences
    Preference will be given to candidates with prior professional services, consulting and/or pre-sales experience


Our Company

Hitachi Vantara is part of the Global Hitachi family. We balance innovation with an open, friendly culture and the backing of a long-established parent company, known for its ethical reputation. We guide customers from what’s now to what’s next by unlocking the value of their data and applications to solve their digital challenges, achieving outcomes that benefit both business and society.

Our people are our biggest asset, they drive our innovation advantage and we strive to offer a flexible and collaborative workplace where they can thrive. Diversity of thought is welcomed and our employee base is represented by several active Employee Resource Group communities. We offer industry leading benefits packages (flexible working, generous pension and private healthcare) and promote a creative and inclusive culture. If driving real change gives you a sense of pride and you are passionate about powering social good, we’d love to hear from you.


Our Values

We strive to create an inclusive environment for all and are open to considering home working, compressed/flexible hours and flexible arrangements. Get in touch with us to explore how we might be able to accommodate your specific needs.

We are proud to say we are an equal opportunity employer and welcome all applicants for employment without attention to race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. With Japanese roots going back over 100 years, our culture is founded on the values of our parent company expressed as the Hitachi Spirit:

Wa – Harmony, Trust, Respect

Makoto – Sincerity, Fairness, Honesty, Integrity

Kaitakusha-Seishin – Pioneering Spirit, Challenge
Ready to help us transform healthcare? Bring your true colors to blue.


BCBSMA is looking for a Director of Data Engineering organization to lead transformation of enterprise data, analytics, and integration products. As core team member of IT organization, you would bring expertise in modern cloud data platforms, architecture & engineering principles, and best practices of building automated data pipelines.


This candidate will lead a team of senior managers, data engineers and quality engineers to design, develop and implement modern and sustainable data products to fuel digital transformation of data integrations and BI/Analytic solutions across a wide range of strategic initiatives. As a senior leader, you will be responsible for creating a culture of learning, agility, and autonomy. You will work with your team and internal customers to create and execute on a product vision that will solve data needs for the whole enterprise.


Key Responsibilities


    Actively lead and develop a team of data engineers to deliver and maintain reusable and sustainable data assets and production pipelines across a variety of consumption patterns.
    Develop the design and vision for data pipelines and testing frameworks to meet business needs while balancing maintainability, reliability, security, and scalability.
    Contribute to and execute a multi-year roadmap to build and remediate enterprise-grade data assets leveraging cloud-based target state technology and architecture.
    Take an active role in defining the overall data architecture and underlying data models
    Maintain ongoing reliability, performance, and support of the data infrastructure, providing solutions based on application needs and anticipated growth
    Participate in creating and maintaining strict compliance, data privacy and security measures
    Enable effective working relationships across Product Management, Operations and Data Engineering organizations.
    Collaborate with Enterprise Architecture, Platform, Security, Audit & Risk Management to build highly scalable, secure and enterprise grade applications.
    Keep up to date on emerging technology solutions, particularly those on AWS, for continuous improvements in data engineering.
    Help recruit highly capable engineers to the team from diverse backgrounds.
    Deliver data architecture and solutions for critical strategic portfolio projects in collaboration with business and IT stakeholders.
    Collaborate in setting up enterprise level Data Security, Data Governance, Master Data Management and Reference Data Management guidelines.
    Manage technical delivery for projects, designs processes, manage and drive execution with help of consultants and associates.
    Define and deliver consistent data engineering standards, methodologies, guidelines & techniques.
    Diagnose and address complex problems, including performance issues, scale, and drive to resolution to meet business initiatives.
    Engagement with 3rd party vendors/ Vendor partners and driving appropriate solution and delivery based on data needs.


Technical Skills


    Minimum 10 years of progressively responsible work experience in data solutioning, data engineering, architecture, design, and development.
    Minimum 5 years of hands-on experience in working as Solution/Data Architect on hybrid (cloud and on-prem) data platforms.
    Minimum 5 years of experience with developing and managing ETL/ELT design and development using tools like Talend, Informatica, Databricks, Oracle Data Integrator (ODI) or equivalent.
    Minimum 5 years of experience in database architecture using relational SQL (e.g. Oracle, PostgreSQL, MySQL), NoSQL (e.g. DynamoDB, MongoDB, Elasticsearch) and data warehouse (e.g. IBM Netezza, Snowflake, Redshift)
    Minimum 3 years of experience in leading agile teams of data engineers, quality engineers, solution architects building highly scalable data products and applications.
    Minimum 3 years of experience with building and managing real-time, near real-time and batch applications.
    Experience working with RESTful API and general service-oriented architectures.
    Experience with DevSecOps, Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery technologies is desirable.
    AWS Solution Architect certification (associate & above) is highly desirable.
    Healthcare domain knowledge is a huge plus.
    Excellent verbal and written communication skills.


Education


    Bachelors degree or higher in Computer Science or related field.


Minimum Education Requirements


High school degree or equivalent required unless otherwise noted above


Location


Boston, Hingham, Quincy


Time Type


Full time


At Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts, we believe in wellness and that work/life balance is a key part of associate wellbeing. We provide a flexible hybrid work model in which roles are designated as resident (on site 4-5 days/week), mobile (on site 1-3 days/week), or eworker (on site 0-3 days/month).


Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts, has a COVID-19 vaccination requirement for building entry. Your offer of employment is dependent upon either being fully vaccinated for COVID-19 or an accommodation based on a disability or sincerely held religious belief, practice, or observance by submitting a request to Human Resources.


Murmuration is a political strategy organization that is transforming the politics of education so that every child can benefit from equal access to equitable and high-quality public schools.


We empower campaigns, advocates, and organizers to better engage and mobilize communities to demand improvements to the public education system. We advise and support our partners in their efforts to plan and execute successful, data-driven electoral, organizing, and advocacy campaigns so that together we can transform the politics of education. And we build political influence, craft strategies, leverage data, and develop technology that enable our partners to accelerate progress, particularly those in traditionally marginalized communities.


Who We Are


Our team includes experts and innovators in data, analytics, and strategy. We are former teachers, organizers, data scientists, nonprofit executives, political campaign veterans, and more - and we are looking for people whose passion and expertise can help improve our work and realize our vision.


Background


Murmuration’s role is to support organizations and communities through our political systems, to raise the profile of the issue of public education such that more Americans will prioritize the needs of our students, and to leverage politics to help to create the broader context in which those on the front lines with our children can thrive. We are focused on transforming the politics of education—partnering with organizations across the country committed to organizing parents and communities around the issues of public education and educational equity, electing to office and holding accountable local leaders who will make improving public K-12 schools a priority, and advocating for policy changes with the goal of improving outcomes for children. To do this, we believe that it is critical that all of the political stakeholders—electoral organizations, advocacy and organizing groups, charter associations, networks of schools, districts, elected officials, and voters—contribute to a strong and politically savvy education sector that works together toward a common vision of improving public education.


About the Position

As Senior Enterprise Data Manager on the Operations team, you will be responsible for leading our mission to drive and define enterprise business solutions for Murmuration-wide use. You’ll work with business and technology leaders from Murmuration and affiliated company business units and core technology teams to define and deliver common solutions – platforms, systems, components, software, standards, and reporting – that inform our current and future business objectives. You will bring your expertise and skills into a diverse team and provide leadership in defining and delivering the architecture of shared products and platforms that, combined, serve as a single source of truth for decision makers. You will lead the direction for the most challenging cross-business Murmuration solutions, including delivering enterprise data infrastructure to capture key metric data to measure, allocate resources, and guide progress towards our mission. The Senior Enterprise Data Manager will have the day-to-day responsibility of the operational data activity for these enterprise data sets, including the reconciliation of data across systems. This position will also lead the effort of documenting the data processes and data quality rules associated with these data sets.


Note: At Murmuration, we are committed to becoming an even more diverse, equitable, and inclusive workplace. To this end, all staff members are expected to sit on and actively participate in DEI (diversity, equity, inclusion) subcommittees. These subcommittees work to ensure that DEI is embedded in everything we do.


Key Responsibilities


The ideal candidate will:

    Collaborate effectively with people across a variety of business units, technology disciplines, operational functions, and locations to identify and create a running list of prioritized enterprise data needs;
    Build a plan for cross-Murmuration enterprise data architecture work, specifically facilitating work among Operations and Engineering teams to ensure alignment to established architecture;
    Lead a distributed team towards a common solution, as well as provide leadership in working with Operations, Product, and Technology leaders across Murmuration and affiliates;
    Serve as the subject matter expert and go-to resource for defining and delivering Murmuration-wide architecture – common business solutions, standards, practices, and methods;
    Capture big picture ideas and break them down into architectures, technology designs, and/or presentations that provide reusable capabilities and patterns for end-users;
    Communicate and train internal and external stakeholders on key product and platform features and services through presentations, diagrams, and conversations that align the community on what and how we will deliver on success;
    In collaboration with the Director of Business Performance, define, propose, and implement an enterprise metrics strategy that includes maintaining the governance of key metrics, building out the supporting material for approved metrics, and mapping the data journey of metrics into a readily accessible architecture that is readily available to key stakeholders; and
    Work to create a climate in which measurement of quality and efficiency is a standard practice.


Who You Are


The ideal candidate will have:

    5+ years of experience in defining and delivering on enterprise-grade solution architectures, strategies, and business capabilities (such as CRM, HR, Finance, Operations);
    3+ years in successfully leveraging public cloud service providers to deliver enterprise-scale solutions that are resilient, secure, and dynamic – “growth platforms and patterns;”
    3+ years in operational data management activities including data collection, data mapping, and data reporting for strategic data sets;
    Experience with multiple of the data management disciplines, such as Data Quality, Data Governance, Data Operations, Data Profiling, and Metadata Management;
    Experience managing enterprise systems including CRM (required) as well as HR, Finance, Operations;
    Proven success in defining and delivering shared platforms, systems, or components that are used by multiple business organizations to address a common capability need;
    Demonstrated expertise in creating platform visions (roadmaps) for diverse leaders and teams to align on key architectural and technical decisions and direction – and delivering the roadmap to end users;
    Led the creation of governance mechanisms, including charters and process mapping, to build high confidence in enterprise data reporting;
    An ability to collaborate with others to define and build solutions that find high levels of reuse and create enthusiasm within both the product and development community; and
    Proven ability to learn new business and technology domains quickly, creating value and direction in an agile and fluid work environment.



Location, Compensation and Benefits


The Senior Enterprise Data Manager is a full-time, salaried position with a comprehensive benefits package. It is based anywhere in the U.S. with location preferred in New York City. Minimum salary for this position is $100,000 but is commensurate with experience.



An Equal-Opportunity Employer with a Commitment to Diversity


Murmuration is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and as an organization committed to diversity and the perspective of all voices, we consider applicants equally of race, gender, color, sexual orientation, religion, marital status, disability, political affiliation, and national origin. We reasonably accommodate staff members and/or applicants with disabilities, provided they are otherwise able to perform the essential functions of the job.
The Principal Data Architect will be a key role to take loanDepot data estate to the next generation. At loanDepot, we are leading the journey to a data driven organization. We are developing cloud-based data platforms that enable fast decision making and analytical capabilities for financial services. Responsible for designing and executing data distribution frameworks, data streaming, vendor evaluation, cloud warehouse evaluation, and developing data catalog and observability systems. This position ensures the performance of all duties in accordance with the company’s policies and procedures, all U.S. state and federal laws and regulations, wherein the company operates.


Responsibilities


    Own data architecture and develop data engineering framework with cloud native approach.
    Quickly understand the current landscape of data and provide recommendations on building the future data products with best-in-class components, frameworks and design patterns.
    Establish data pipeline patterns, provide recommendations and tradeoffs.
    Analyze and influence end-to-end data and integration design for key business domains.
    Architect and design solutions for data quality, security/privacy, reliability and data governance.
    Embrace and influence technology platform thinking and drive architecture principles of security, scale, uptime and reliability.
    Contribute to and implement the architecture strategy for enterprise data management.
    Keep a pulse on the industry, and research, evaluate and recommend new technologies, tools and frameworks for high volume data processing.
    Coach and mentor engineering teams to raise collective technical expertise.
    Demonstrate a strong bias for architecture principles balanced with tactical timelines, cost and risks.
    Contribute to architecture guiding principles, development standards, training and hiring.


Requirements


    Experience working in a Distributed/Cloud-based environment (Azure or AWS or GCP).
    Hands on experience building data engineering solutions using Microsoft Azure stack, including ADLS, Azure Data Factory, Azure Event Hub, Azure Databricks, and Power BI. Experience on AWS, GCP a plus.
    Experience in one or more languages required: Java, Scala, NodeJS, Python, Go.
    Advanced experience building cloud scalable, real-time, and high-performance data lakehouse solutions leveraging Cloud-native data warehouse/lakehouse, Modern Data Stack (airflow/prefect/dagster, dbt, reverse ETL), Streaming technologies (AZURE EVENTHUB, KAFKA, or AWS KINESIS).
    Experience with modern build strategies, continuous integration, unit testing, static analysis, and automated integration tests. Continuous delivery experience preferred.
    Experience with any of the reporting tools like Power BI, Tableau, SSRS.
    Experience with NoSQL Databases.
    Experience deploying (DaaS) Data as a service, containerization.
    Experience with DevOps concepts, scripting.
    Snowflake experience is a strong plus.
    B.S. in Computer Science or B.S. Software Engineering or B.A. in Computer Information Systems or equivalent education or experience.
    Ten years of wide-ranging data experience working with and influencing multiple teams.
    Demonstrated track record of leading within complex organizations requiring strong influence management skills - ability to work cooperatively at all levels in matrix environment.


Why work for #teamloanDepot:


    Work with other passionate, purposeful and customer-centric team members
    Aggressive earning potential with good career growth
    Inclusive, diverse and collaborative culture where people from all backgrounds can thrive
    Extensive internal growth and professional development opportunities including tuition reimbursement
    Comprehensive benefits package including Medical/Dental/Vision
    Wellness program to support both mental and physical health
    Generous paid time off options to support work-life balance


About LoanDepot


loanDepot (NYSE: LDI) is a digital commerce company committed to serving its customers throughout the home ownership journey. Since its launch in 2010, loanDepot has revolutionized the mortgage industry with a digital-first approach that makes it easier, faster, and less stressful to purchase or refinance a home. Today, as the nation's second largest non-bank retail mortgage lender, loanDepot enables customers to achieve the American dream of homeownership through a broad suite of lending and real estate services that simplify one of life's most complex transactions. With headquarters in Southern California and offices nationwide, loanDepot is committed to serving the communities in which its team lives and works through a variety of local, regional, and national philanthropic efforts.


We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity in our company. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

Invitation Homes is nation’s premier home leasing company, pioneering a new industry supported by advanced and robust technology solutions to enhance the resident experience Weare looking for innovative , dynamic individuals who are passionate about building business focused technology solutions using best of the breed tech stacks and take the platform to the next level.


The role of Director of Enterprise Information Architect (EIA) will provide architectural guidance and technological recommendations to support the development and implementation of cloud native data and analytics initiatives. leading The Information Architect will also be responsible for interacting with and influence all areas of technology, including the application, infrastructure and data warehouse teams and work closely with the business stakeholders to align the data architecture capabilities to support business strategy.


You will be on the forefront of helping to define our next-generation data and analytics platform as we build the next wave of technologies that will drive our resident experience to the next level. If you are motivated, passionate, a quick learner, and have outstanding communication skills, this role is waiting for you!


Essential Job Duties And Responsibilities


    Ownership of defining, documenting and operating overall data strategy, including schema definitions, system contracts, security, compliance and SLAs
    Evangelize data strategy among stakeholders such as business users and various data teams through design, documentation, review and cross team negotiations to support strategic business and technology goals
    Build and lead a cross cutting team responsible for operational excellence of data platform including change management process, SDLC and CICD
    Own and implement technical roadmap for continuous improvement of data platform, including tech stack upgrade, cost optimization and compliance requirements.
    Own and operate automated operational test cases for performance, security and reliability of data platform
    Responsible for growing and inspiring a team of engineers through a combination of coaching, mentoring, feedback, and hands-on career development
    Cultivate a healthy, collaborative technology culture that is in line with company values


Education and/or Experience


    Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Sciences or equivalent work experience
    12+ years of hands-on experience working in enterprise-scale data warehousing, data architecture, and/or data engineering environments
    5+ years working as an Enterprise Architect with a good understanding of Enterprise Architecture as a practice
    5+ years of designing, implementing, and building pipelines (ELT/ETL) that deliver data with measurable quality under the SLA
    5+ years of SQL (MSSQL, Snowflake, AWS Redshift, Hive, etc.) experience is required
    5+ years of hands-on data modeling experience, especially dimensional data modeling
    Must have knowledge of one or more of Data visualization tools such as Tableau, Power BI, SSRS, SSAS or other
    Strong understanding of core infrastructure components (servers, network, storage)
    Experience with Enterprise Data Governance, Big Data Solutions, Master data management, Data Privacy and Security, Machine Learning, and Data Pipeline Operations
    Strong understanding and experience building ELT/ETL solutions for both structured and unstructured data sets


Skills/Specialized Knowledge


    Excellent communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills
    Ability to thrive under pressure and function effectively in a fast-paced work environment
    Exhibit sound judgment and swift decision-making skills
    Exhibit strong attention to detail and accuracy
    Ability to collaborate and build consensus with others
    Love of technology; actively seeks continuing education of current and emerging technologies
    Experience with building analytic solutions applicable to Sales, Finance, Product, Operations, and Marketing organizations in an enterprise
    Experience implementing operational best practices such as monitoring, alerting, metadata management
    Experience managing, measuring, improving data quality in a data warehouse
    Communication skills including the ability to identify and communicate data-driven insights
    Experience working in agile development environment
    Experience working with Salesforce and Yardi in real estate domain highly desirable
    Experience working with cloud providers, both on the IAAS side (AWS, Azure, GCP), and in the data and analytics space (Snowflake, etc). We run our infrastructure in AWS, so experience with that ecosystem is a huge plus
    Experience in working in large teams using CI/CD and agile methodologies


Invitation Homes is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a diverse, inclusive and innovative environment with the best associates. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, Veteran status or any other factor protected by applicable federal, state or local law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at humanresources@invitationhomes.com.


To all recruitment agencies: Invitation Homes does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Invitation Homes employees. Invitation Homes is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.

 Job Classification:

Technology - Software Development/Quality Engineering

At Pru, we are on a mission to become storytellers as we follow our pursuit to be a global leader in expanding access to investing, insurance and retirement security. Our story is one of transformation, leveraging our data assets with purpose to make the lives our customer and employees easier, better, and more fulfilling. We are bringing our story to life by deploying cutting edge technology, robust and efficient processes, and engaging our diverse, creative, and passionate talent. Now is your opportunity to join our talented team and be a part of an exciting transformation.

Imagine yourself as a Master Data Management Data Engineer (Sr. Developer) where your passion for data and collaboration with others with that same interest and passion will help to ensure the company is enabled to make smart business decisions using rich and deep data assets that span our entire enterprise. In this role, you will have the opportunity to influence the future of Prudential through managing the integrity, efficiency, and availability of data. Your expertise and knowledge will never go wasted as we maximize our investment in our employees to complete complex analysis, compelling storytelling, achieve business and customer impact, and creative solutions.

The main purpose of this position is help pursue “what is possible” and to assist the data management team in the formation and execution of a robust, scalable, and sustainable master data management framework, policies, and standards that lend to an improved data foundation to:

    Increase the value, consistency, and use of data for employees, customers, and our business
    Increasing confidence and consistency in data across platforms and business units
    Eliminating or minimizing re-work
    Minimizing the risk of regulatory/compliance failures.
    Optimizing effectiveness and efficiency in data access and utilization
    Continually enhance controls in the support of data security and privacy

In addition to the Data Engineer responsibilities below, this also includes:

    Leads a team of Data Engineers
    Assists in MDM tool installation and configuration
    Develops MDM tool ingestion processes (batch and services-based)
    Implements the match and merge rules consistent with DevOps Chain (Dev thru Production)
    Configures the input and output services
    Configures the event-based services and batch consumption
    Develops product front-end and custom queries
    Develops stewardship workflows

Data Engineer (MDM) (Developer/Configuration Coder/Quality Engineer)

Responsibilities:

    Support the definition, prioritization, and implementation of a comprehensive MDM strategy and operating model, transforming how data is sourced, managed, standardized, governed, and consumed
    Establish relationships with cross-functional business stakeholders to identify areas of opportunities, process improvements, and data/technology-enabled innovations in support of MDM
    Lead the MDM Product roadmap and provide thought leadership to improve master data and drive operational transformation and innovation
    Implement data management best practices in collaboration with key stakeholders and contributors (Data Governance, Control, IT, Business)
    Implement ETL workflows and technologies for data matching, data cleansing, data integration, and management to and from MDM data
    In collaboration with key IT stakeholders, deliver sustainable, scalable, reliable, and secure software solutions focusing on automation to support the stability of the enterprise data platform
    Plays a key role in the resolution of data gaps and quality problems through error detection and correction
    Ensures master data integrity across business units and systems and being a key function in the feedback loop to for ongoing improvements in data quality.
    Ensures quality of master data in key systems, as well as, development and documentation of processes with other functional data owners to support ongoing maintenance and data integrity.
    Develop and implement strategies to translate business requirements and models into feasible and acceptable master data management designs to ensure that business needs are met.
    Provide data “consulting” in support of business and information technology initiatives to improve overall clarity, connection, and quality of data.

Qualifications:

    3-5+ years’ experience in a Data Engineering role focused on MDM/Data Management or equivalent practical experience
    Hands-on experience in implementing and/or managing MDM (Informatica C360, Profisee, Semarchy, Ataccama, or similar MDM tools)
    Proficient in Master Data Management technology platforms and integration frameworks
    Proficient in data product management methodology and framework and a proven track record of deploying MDM best practices
    Experience developing data catalogs and data cleanliness to ensure clarity and correctness of key business metrics
    Strong knowledge of standard algorithms, data structures, object-oriented programming, and design
    Experience using Java and Python
    Excellent attention to detail and accuracy; strong critical self-review skills.
    You possess the talent and experience for influencing and networking to help build and foster strong business relationships and leveraging those relationships to seek consensus amongst stakeholders on master data management matters and an ability to delivery strong written and verbal communication
    Proactive problem solving with a “solution rather than problem” focused mentality.

Good to have experience:

    Experience maintaining master data in MS SQL.
    Experience with full stack development, preferably in one or more of OO programming languages, like C#, Java, C++
    Experience in working in an agile development environment
    Demonstrated mid-level or above proficiency with MS Office Excel, analyzing and manipulating large datasets through formulas and macros.
    Experience participating in technology implementation projects.
    Proficiency in JIRA, Atlassian, and Git.
    Strong analytical abilities with experience extracting data and developing reports.

Prudential Financial, Inc. of the United States is not affiliated with Prudential plc. which is headquartered in the United Kingdom.

Prudential is a multinational financial services leader with operations in the United States, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. Leveraging its heritage of life insurance and asset management expertise, Prudential is focused on helping individual and institutional customers grow and protect their wealth. The company's well-known Rock symbol is an icon of strength, stability, expertise and innovation that has stood the test of time. Prudential's businesses offer a variety of products and services, including life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds, asset management, and real estate services.

We recognize that our strength and success are directly linked to the quality and skills of our diverse associates. We are proud to be a place where talented people who want to make a difference can grow as professionals, leaders, and as individuals. Visit www.prudential.com to learn more about our values, our history and our brand.

Prudential is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, genetics, disability, marital status, age, veteran status, domestic partner status , medical condition or any other characteristic protected by law.

The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Newark, NJ and its affiliates.

Note that this posting is intended for individual applicants. Search firms or agencies should email Staffing at staffingagencies@prudential.com for more information about doing business with Prudential.

PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES:

If you need an accommodation to complete the application process, which may include an assessment, please email accommodations.hw@prudential.com .

Please note that the above email is solely for individuals with disabilities requesting an accommodation. If you are experiencing a technical issue with your application or an assessment, please email careers.technicalsupport@prudential.com to request assistance.

The Director, Data & Analytics Governance Engagement Lead is a key role in the Data Governance organization, strategically and tactically guiding the direction of how the team interacts with the organization in support of business strategic objectives.


This Role’s Primary Responsibilities Include


    Management of 4 Engagement Leads (each responsible for a collection of data domains) and 2 Project Managers (leading and supporting key projects and initiatives)
    Strategic oversight for, and tactical delivery of, the consistent and value add direction, methods, and purpose of the team
    Collaboration and relationship building with key Data Leaders across the organization, including IT, the Data & Analytics community as well as key Functional Leaders and their representatives
    Understand the strategic objectives and data needs of the organization and functions and connect how Data Governance enables and supports those requirements
    Drive adoption of Data Governance best practices with agile delivery and demonstrable business value


Accountability & Supporting Activities


Business Partnering


    Collaborate with leaders in the business to understand their strategic objectives and their data and analytical requirements to support them
    Liaise closely with the Operational Delivery Office to understand the corporate portfolio of initiatives and priorities, ensuring support and good data partnership
    Build close relationships with IT to understand roadmaps and backlogs and identify data and analytics and use cases
    Support the business in understanding Data Governance initiatives and best practices and foster a spirit of collaboration and data centricity across the organization


Data Governance Process Management & Coordination


    Align Data Governance practices to support the needs of the business, ensuring clear visibility to business value or data protection
    Partner with the business to ensure that data governance processes are adhered to where necessary
    Collaborate closely with the Data Governance and Analytics leaders to ensure the alignment of the engagement team with wider priorities and enablement initiatives
    Evaluate the impact of incoming data and analytics requests against enterprise data assets like enterprise data model, enterprise data catalog and holistic data policy to determine impacted scope / costs
    Ensure appropriate buy-in from business stakeholders and cross functional teams as to data ownership and definitions


Communication & Stakeholder Management


    Provide the main point of contact for the business for Data & Analytic requests or issues and effectively collaborate across the necessary team members to provide effective support
    Clearly and concisely articulate the Data & Analytics strategy and where Data Governance supports and guides
    Collaborate with business leaders, members of the Domain Data Leads and operations teams to understand business requirements, trends, and expectations for analysis
    Partner with the business domains, quality organization, Corporate IT and System owners to identify and address data related requests
    Work with Domain Data Stewards to identify systemic data quality deviations and coordinate remediation/resolution; propose any data quality requests for escalation
    Manage, maintain, and govern the enterprise data assets and processes through the engagement lead team
    Operate across a matrixed team in the service of data and analytical requirements


Project Management


    Manage DGO led initiatives in an efficient, collaborative way to ensure delivery of identified outcomes on time and on budget
    Effectively manage a team of project managers to work across the DGO team to lead and deliver initiatives
    Regular status reporting, including escalation of issues and risks as appropriate


Line Management


    Ensure the team build the appropriate capabilities, both technical “hard” skills and business partnering “soft” skills
    Provide clear goals and consistent direction for the team to ensure a united front to the business functions
    Responsible for providing direction, mentoring and developmental plans to ensure teams meet or exceed business and personal goals in keeping with Parexel’s high performance culture
    Support and mentor direct reports to ensure they have the support and skills to influence the business and achieve the organization’s goals
    Timely completion of Performance and Development tasks
    Ensure appropriate training, managing capacity for direct reports and the timely completion of departmental tasks and workloads
    Indirect management and influence across the broader team in support of cross functional initiatives and projects


Skills


    Exemplary interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills
    Ability to clearly articulate detailed and complex ideas in a simple way to all levels of leadership
    Able to think tactically and strategically for the formation of roadmaps and plans
    Effective understanding and appreciation of governance charters, roles, principles, processes, and procedures
    Excellent problem-solving, and critical-thinking skills
    Assertive and decisive, being able to push back where appropriate and to navigate the balance of long-term appropriate solutions with short term wins
    Ability to influence leaders across the organization to align with appropriate data strategies
    Understand enterprise-level data quality, data analytics and related metrics
    Understand the relationships between processes, data, technology, and people, and make effective recommendations for appropriate designs and changes
    Able to connect the strategy to the details and articulate the vision as necessary
    Consulting mindset, able to ask the right questions to identify the root cause, the right level of detail and assess appropriate solutions and plans
    Strong interpersonal skills to navigate conflict and steer appropriate behaviors
    Ability to build relationships and rapport across functions and teams, cultures, and geographies
    Ability to manage multiple and varied tasks with enthusiasm and prioritize workload with attention to detail and a service excellence mindset
    Familiarity with underlying source systems and data flows including Data Warehouse/Lake, Salesforce, Planisware, Oracle Financials, etc.


Knowledge And Experience


    At least 7 years’ experience within the Clinical Research Services with thorough working knowledge of Clinical Trial processes
    Relevant experience in Data Governance or Data Analytics leadership roles
    Extensive experience / exposure to Data Management and Enterprise Information Management
    Previous experience with Data Governance technologies (for example Alation and IDQ) is a plus
    Familiarity with multiple domains and/or cross-domain understanding is a plus
    Working knowledge of data flows and IT landscape
    Experience influencing leaders in high transformation situations
    Significant experience of working with global teams across different time zones
    Proven experience of management of a complex team and operation within a Matrixed environment


Education


    Advanced degree in computer science, business, pharmaceuticals, life sciences or a relevant field is preferable




Information Management-IT Data Team Manager- Contract to Hire -No relocation- Remote


Remote Opportunity.


3 to 6 month contract to hire- (no relocation). Must be a US citizen and looking to go perm (need to be in and/or work Eastern time zone hours 8 to 5, Cannot use west coast Candidates


Overview:

This is a new management position that will be establishing the data team for the new independent College of Medicine IT Department. Our client is moving away from a shared service model for technology used by the hospital and College of Medicine.


    Looking for someone who is a strategic manager - problem solving, building out a team, recruitment/hiring, working with executives, road mapping, planning, etc.
    Wanting a true tactician who can truly LEAD the team as opposed to being a task
    Attitude is everything. Wants someone who is excited about building this thing out from the ground floor. Someone who is outgoing, confident (driven) bringing in high/positive energy from Day 1.

    As a new management role in a new department, this manager also needs to be able to provide leadership/vision/guidance. (past exp in this area)
    The manager will be involved in defining requirements, hiring, establishing responsibilities & dependencies within the entire data team.
    Experience and comfortable interacting with stakeholders of all levels and should be comfortable providing mentorship and guidance to their direct reports as well as non-direct reports from other teams.


Client is not needing a data guru; they need someone with good foundational knowledge that lends credibility. (ETL, ELT, BI (Business Intelligence), DBA, & DA (Data Architecture) & Data Analysis.


Experience building a team from ground up... with good understanding- (Data lineages, Data warehousing, databases… understands importance of data and what it means to bring the organization forward)


Contact: rkravitz@medsysgrroup.com
A critical new role AVP, Data Analytics and Governance, residing in the Credit Model Development Team will be responsible for providing data analytics and reporting solutions to support the build out of complex consumer credit risk loss forecasting, reserve and capital models. In this role you will guide efforts to implement quality practices across various dimensions such as accuracy, timeliness and completeness, throughout our data acquisition, extraction, routing, validation, verification, publish, and storage processes. Your thought leadership will result in robust data integration, quality, and reporting systems for the model development teams to leverage.

This is a great opportunity for someone who is a coder/data scientist with experience in mining, validation and governance of data attributes across large datasets. There will be opportunities for developing a career path while being exposed to development of complex models. We offer a dynamic, collaborative team environment with a strong credit risk management culture and opportunities to train in new technologies and complex applications.

We’re proud to offer you choice and flexibility. You have the option to be remote, and work from home, or come into one of our offices. You may be occasionally requested to commute to our nearest office for in person engagement activities such as team meetings, training and culture events.

Essential Responsibilities

    Develop and manage a business plan from roadmap through execution of Data Quality Analysis, Strategy and Implementation, that will allow robust model development activities within Credit.
    Liaise with Risk Data Governance, IT and Data Governance Office teams to develop methods, processes, and workflows to consolidate, analyze and validate structured/unstructured, diverse big data sources to generate actionable insights and solutions for model development and other strategic initiatives.
    Interact with counterparts in the governance function and business teams to identify needs and issues for data analysis and experiments around the validation of existing and new data attributes and prioritize efforts to improve and maintain data quality.
    Develop and code algorithms and automated processes to cleanse, integrate and evaluate large datasets from multiple disparate sources.
    Coordinate, direct and act as point of contact for (internal & external) data quality, storage, data issues and resolutions, as well as data & systems enhancements.
    Support a comprehensive testing of data attributes through independent research of data issues, logic, evidence and conduct or coordinate user acceptance tests (UAT) aimed at validating development of specific modeling attributes.
    Analyze data or new requirements for modeling or data migration and efforts to consolidate data from centralized warehouses.
    Represent credit modeling team at routine or ad-hoc data stewards meetings. Document any change/update/creation in RDG data fields.
    Coordinate solutions and fix data attributes through change management, service requests, testing and liaising with Data Governance team.
    Produce and distribute automated periodic status reports and scorecards.
    Propose, define and maintain data quality rules for all models. Review and address data quality issues.
    Maintain, enhance and update data dictionaries for all credit loss forecasting and reserve models. Create new data dictionary for new models as needed.
    Assist in the onboarding of new data sources into risk aggregation data platform (RDG), analyze differences in data, suggest logic & mapping changes to standardize and cleanse onboarding data sources, design and execute user acceptance tests for new data.
    Independently research, identify and prototype industry best practices for emerging analytical tools
    Perform other duties and/or special projects as assigned from time to time

Qualifications/Requirements

    Bachelors or Masters in Mathematics/Statistics, Computer Science, Economics, Finance or other quantitative discipline; or in lieu of a degree 6+ years’ experience in IT position, Risk, Finance, Consumer Lending
    4+ years’ experience in Data Governance technologies, process risk management, building process control solutions, or equivalent experience
    3+ years in coding with Python, PySpark, SAS, SQL or other equivalent language
    1+ year experience creating visualizations of data and/or quantitative information for management decisioning using Tableau or equivalent tool

Desired Characteristics

    Credit card modeling/data science/analytics experience
    Demonstrated project management experience and time management skills
    Deep knowledge of financial markets, data management / governance, and quality assurance practices
    Strong familiarity with business rules management and/or statistical methods for governing data quality
    Strong data reporting and visualization experience with the ability to tell a story and propose solutions
    Strong written/oral communication skills

Eligibility Requirements

    You must be 18 years or older
    You must have a high school diploma or equivalent
    You must be willing to take a drug test, submit to a background investigation and submit fingerprints as part of the onboarding process
    You must be able to satisfy the requirements of Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.
    New hires (Level 4-7) must have 9 months of continuous service with the company before they are eligible to post on other roles. Once this new hire time in position requirement is met, the associate will have a minimum 6 months’ time in position before they can post for future non-exempt roles. Employees, level 8 or greater, must have at least 24 months’ time in position before they can post. All internal employees must consistently meet performance expectations and have approval from your manager to post (or the approval of your manager and HR if you don’t meet the time in position or performance expectations).

Our Commitment

When you join us, you’ll be part of a diverse, inclusive culture where your skills, experience, and voice are not only heard—but valued. We celebrate the differences in all of us and believe that our individual, unique perspectives is what makes Synchrony truly a great place to work. Together, we’re building a future where we can all belong, connect and turn ideals into action. Through the power of our 8 Diversity Networks+, with more than 60% of our workforce engaged, you’ll find community to connect with and opportunity to go beyond your passions.

This starts when you choose to apply for a role at Synchrony. We ensure all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status.

Reasonable Accommodation Notice

    Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.
    If you need special accommodations, please call our Career Support Line so that we can discuss your specific situation. We can be reached at 1-866-301-5627. Representatives are available from 8am – 5pm Monday to Friday, Central Standard Time.

The salary range for this position is 85,000.00 - 170,000.00 USD Annual

Salaries are adjusted according to market in CA and Metro NY and some positions are bonus eligible.

Grade/Level: 11

Job Family Group

Risk Management
As the Sr IT Manager – Data, Reporting & Analytics, you will have a tremendous opportunity to impact the ITW Welding companies’ vision and roadmap around Master Data Management, data architecture, governance, reporting and Advanced Analytics. The Sr IT Manager – Data, Reporting & Analytics is also responsible for aligning with business partners to scale our BI skillset and practice. As the leader of our Data team, you must demonstrate strong operational skills to drive efficiency and speed, solid project leadership, and a strong vision to proactively improve decision making.


This team is highly visible within the organization and is responsible for our Master Data Management strategy including solutions and processes, ensuring customer facing data is accessible, optimized, and accurate. This individual will lead with the planning and implementation of data and reporting strategies ensuring policies and procedures are consistent with company goals, best practices, software compliance, and regulatory requirements.


We are looking for a driven individual that is motivated to succeed with excellent team and project leadership skills. A qualified candidate will understand data as it relates to manufacturing systems and how simplified processes drive employee ownership at all levels in the organization.


Essential Functions


    Management of the IT applications within the Data and BI portfolio, which includes Master Data Management strategy (MDM), Azure Data Lake, integrations to Dynamics 365, Product Information Management (PIM) and Analytics Reporting
    Keen of industry best practices and standards associated with modern data architecture and topology; with specific experience within the Microsoft reporting and analytics landscape
    Partner with the Data Analytics and Data Lake business partners to ensure accurate, accessible data and reporting to drive business decisions
    Assess and grow talent and skillset of the Data and Reporting team to establish standards, roadmap, and governance
    Train and develop staff members and participate in professional development plan
    Lead the team to deliver and maintain high impact dashboards and data visualizations
    Work closely with our user community and IT professionals to build consensus and standards that are scalable, adaptable, and flexible to meet the needs of a changing business landscape
    Comply with SOX audit requirements and execute change management best practices
    Ensures compliance with software licensing
    Ability to deliver solutions with industry leading security and efficiencies that aligns with the Enterprise Agenda
    Experience with managing Microsoft cloud systems, workloads, and environments for Dynamics 365
    Ensure data systems as well as other related business applications are highly available and maintained using best practices and robust security standards
    Determine project schedules and effectively manage the allocation of resources to achieve project objectives
    Create and manage project and Data team budgets
    Ensure that ITW Welding companies engaged in electronic transacting are viewed as excellent trading partners by our customers and vendors
This AVP, Mattress Firm Analytics role will be responsible for driving strategic insights and analytic thought leadership, to influence marketing strategies and profitable growth for our key Home & Auto portfolio, through developing data-driven insights and actionable analytic solutions. This role will be client facing, and will work closely with cross-functional leaders to provide both ad-hoc and strategic analyses, campaign design and tracking, segmentation and clustering, and retail analyses. This role reports directly to the VP, Mattress Firm Analytics Leader.

We are looking for a community minded team player, a positive self-starter, a results oriented problem solver, who is technically strong, who is eager to learn and grow with the team, who is motivated to elevate the team with their contribution. Statistics or data science background a plus.

This position is remote, where you have the option to work from home. On occasion we may request for you to commute to our nearest office for in person engagement activities such as team meetings, training and culture events. To ensure the safety of our colleagues and communities, we require employees who come together in-person to be fully vaccinated. We’re proud to offer you choice and flexibility.

Essential Responsibilities

    Identify actionable profit-based marketing and product opportunities through retail SKU transactional data analysis, customer journey and customer behavioral analysis, and data driven insights.
    Partner with Marketing, Finance, Credit, and Sales cross-functional leaders to develop integrated solutions to grow share of wallet, credit penetration, incremental sales, and profit for Mattress Firm portfolio.
    Develop business case presentations and execute action plans to drive marketing strategies around acquisition, early months on book, lifecycle, and retention-based strategies.
    Deliver data driven insights including targeting recommendations, test design, channel optimization, product opportunities, and cost/benefit analysis to review with client, marketing and sales teams.
    Conduct ad-hoc analyses, synthesize diverse and complex information to develop data-driven stories and to address business questions. Deliver high-quality execution of marketing analytics and MIS reporting.
    Prepare campaign analytics to track results of strategies deployed in a timely manner. Create "test and learn" culture through ongoing assessment of product and targeting strategies.
    Optimize ROI for digital initiatives including paid media (search, display, social), website optimization, new online capabilities, user experience testing, and add-on product sales.
    Leverage advanced analytics techniques, statistical models, or machine learning tools to provide actionable insight to improve business decisions.
    Perform other duties and/or special projects as assigned.

Qualifications/Requirements

    Bachelor's degree or in lieu of a degree, a high school diploma and 7+ years of analytical experience
    A minimum of 3+ years progressive work experience, including:
        2+ years of experience analyzing and reporting data to identify issues, trends, or exceptions to drive improvement of results and find solutions,
        2+ years of experience working on tasks or projects with cross functional partners such as Marketing and Sales,
        2+ years of experience with quantitative skills and ability to interpret data from multiple sources, including knowledge of analytical tools such as SAS, SQL, R, Python, Tableau, etc.

Desired Characteristics

    Proficient with Python, R, or data visualization tools such as Tableau is a strong plus
    Advanced degree in statistics, data science, data analytics, industrial engineering is a strong plus
    Master’s degree preferred statistics/ decision sciences/ predictive analytics or related quantitative field
    Advanced skills using Excel and PowerPoint
    Strong skill in project management, communications, multi-tasking, ability to work independently, and relationship management are keys to success
    Demonstrated ability to manage complexity and multiple initiatives
    Ability to perform ad-hoc analysis, glean and form business insights under aggressive timelines
    Ability to synthesize/analyze diverse information, develop and recommend strategies, and articulate clearly to business partners and customers
    Proven understanding of credit card or financial services industry financial P&L drivers and key sensitivities, with business performance reporting experience
    Client facing experience

Eligibility Requirements

    You must be 18 years or older
    You must have a high school diploma or equivalent
    You must be willing to take a drug test, submit to a background investigation and submit fingerprints as part of the onboarding process
    You must be able to satisfy the requirements of Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.
    New hires (Level 4-7) must have 9 months of continuous service with the company before they are eligible to post on other roles. Once this new hire time in position requirement is met, the associate will have a minimum 6 months’ time in position before they can post for future non-exempt roles. Employees, level 8 or greater, must have at least 24 months’ time in position before they can post. All internal employees must consistently meet performance expectations and have approval from your manager to post (or the approval of your manager and HR if you don’t meet the time in position or performance expectations).

Our Commitment

When you join us, you’ll be part of a diverse, inclusive culture where your skills, experience, and voice are not only heard—but valued. We celebrate the differences in all of us and believe that our individual, unique perspectives is what makes Synchrony truly a great place to work. Together, we’re building a future where we can all belong, connect and turn ideals into action. Through the power of our 8 Diversity Networks+, with more than 60% of our workforce engaged, you’ll find community to connect with and opportunity to go beyond your passions.

This starts when you choose to apply for a role at Synchrony. We ensure all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status.

Reasonable Accommodation Notice

    Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.
    If you need special accommodations, please call our Career Support Line so that we can discuss your specific situation. We can be reached at 1-866-301-5627. Representatives are available from 8am – 5pm Monday to Friday, Central Standard Time.

The salary range for this position is 75,000.00 - 130,000.00 USD Annual

Salaries are adjusted according to market in CA and Metro NY and some positions are bonus eligible.

Grade/Level: 10

Job Family Group

Marketing

